{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f4\froman\fprq1\fcharset128 MS Mincho;}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset128 Times New Roman;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset136 PMingLiU;}{\f7\froman\fprq2\fcharset136 Times New Roman;}{\f8\fnil\fprq1\fcharset129 Batang;}{\f9\froman\fprq1\fcharset129 Gulim;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\cf1\v\f0\fs19 [ENGLISH]\par
\cf0\b\v0\fs28 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any Microsoft\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 updates, \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 supplements, \par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Internet-based services, and\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 support services\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so, those terms apply.\par
\b By using the software, you accept these terms.  If you do not accept them, do not use the software.  Instead, return it to the retailer for a refund or credit.\b0   If you cannot obtain a refund there, contact Microsoft or the Microsoft affiliate serving your country for information about Microsoft\rquote s refund policies.  See \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone .  In the United States and Canada, call (800) MICROSOFT or see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below for each license you acquire.\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 OVERVIEW.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software.  \b0 The software includes desktop application software.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 License Model.  \b0 The software is licensed on a per copy per device basis.\b\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensed Device.  \b0 The licensed device is the device on which you use the software.  You may install and use one copy of the software on the licensed device.\b\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs19 INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. \b0  Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software.  It may change or cancel them at any time.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 SCOPE OF LICENSE.  \b0 The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.  For more information, see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone .  You may not\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 publish the software for others to copy;\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 rent, lease or lend the software; or\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 use the software for commercial software hosting services.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 BACKUP COPY.  \b0 You may make one backup copy of the software.  You may use it only to reinstall the software.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 DOCUMENTATION.  \b0 Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\b\par
\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  \b0 The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.  For additional information, see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 SUPPORT SERVICES.  \b0 Microsoft provides support services for the software as described at \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  \b0 This agreement (including the warranty below), and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\b\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 11.\tab\f0\fs19 APPLICABLE LAW.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Outside the United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 LEGAL EFFECT.  \b0 This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You may have other rights under the laws of your state or country.  You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.  You can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to the amount you paid for the software. You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 This limitation applies to\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 It also applies even if\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 repair, replacement or a refund for the software does not fully compensate you for any losses; or\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.  They also may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages. \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b LIMITED WARRANTY\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab LIMITED WARRANTY.\b0   If you follow the instructions, the software will perform substantially as described in the Microsoft materials that you receive in or with the software.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 B.   TERM OF WARRANTY; WARRANTY RECIPIENT; LENGTH OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES.  The limited warranty covers the software for 90 days after acquired by the first user.  If you receive supplements, updates, or replacement software during that year, they will be covered for the remainder of the warranty or 30 days, whichever is longer.\b0   If the first user transfers the software, the remainder of the warranty will apply to the recipient.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 To the extent permitted by law, any implied warranties, guarantees or conditions last only during the term of the limited warranty.\b0   Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so these limitations may not apply to you.  They also might not apply to you because some countries may not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty, guarantee or condition lasts.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUSIONS FROM WARRANTY.\b0   This warranty does not cover problems caused by your acts (or failures to act), the acts of others, or events beyond Microsoft\rquote s reasonable control.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   REMEDY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  Microsoft will repair or replace the software at no charge.  If Microsoft cannot repair or replace it, Microsoft will refund the amount shown on your receipt for the software.  It will also repair or replace supplements, updates and replacement software at no charge.  If Microsoft cannot repair or replace them, it will refund the amount you paid for them, if any.  You must uninstall the software and return any media and other associated materials to Microsoft with proof of purchase to obtain a refund.  These are your only remedies for breach of the limited warranty.\par
E.   CONSUMER RIGHTS NOT AFFECTED.  You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws, which this agreement cannot change.\par
F.   WARRANTY PROCEDURES.  \b0 You need proof of purchase for warranty service.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab United States and Canada.\b0   For warranty service or information about how to obtain a refund for software acquired in the United States and Canada, contact Microsoft at\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT;\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7      \f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399; or\par
\f1\'b7      \f0 visit \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 2.\tab Europe, Middle East and Africa.  \b0 If you acquired the software in Europe, the Middle East or Africa, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited makes this limited warranty.  To make a claim under this warranty, you should contact either\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland; or\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7      \f0 the Microsoft affiliate serving your country (see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab Outside United States, Canada, Europe, Middle East and Africa.  \b0 If you acquired the software outside the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, contact the Microsoft affiliate serving your country (see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab NO OTHER WARRANTIES.  The limited warranty is the only direct warranty from Microsoft.  Microsoft gives no other express warranties, guarantees or conditions.  Where allowed by your local laws, Microsoft excludes implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.  \b0 If your local laws give you any implied warranties, guarantees or conditions, despite this exclusion, your remedies are described in the Remedy for Breach of Warranty clause above, to the extent permitted by your local laws.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 H.   LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  The Limitation on and Exclusion of Damages clause above applies to breaches of this limited warranty.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.  You may also have other rights which vary from country to country.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\fs28 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C FOR MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) licenses this supplement to you.  If you are licensed to use Microsoft DirectX software (the \ldblquote software\rdblquote ), you may use this supplement.  You may not use it if you do not have a license for the software.  You may use a copy of this supplement with each validly licensed copy of the software.\par
The following license terms describe additional use terms for this supplement.  These terms and the license terms for the software apply to your use of the supplement.  If there is a conflict, these supplemental license terms apply.\par
\b By using this supplement, you accept these terms.  If you do not accept them, do not use this supplement.\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2 1.   \f0 SUPPORT SERVICES FOR SUPPLEMENT.  \b0 Microsoft provides support services for this software as described at \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19\par
\par
\cf1\lang1036\v [FRENCH]\f3\par
\cf0\b\v0\f0\fs28 CONDITIONS DE LICENCE DE LOGICIEL MICROSOFT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: \lang1033 MARINE MANIA \lang1036\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 Les pr\'e9sentes conditions de licence constituent un contrat entre Microsoft Corporation (ou en fonction de votre lieu de r\'e9sidence, l\rquote un de ses affili\'e9s) et vous. Lisez-les attentivement. Elles portent sur le logiciel vis\'e9 ci-dessus, y compris le support sur lequel vous l\rquote avez re\'e7u, le cas \'e9ch\'e9ant. Ces conditions portent \'e9galement sur l\rquote un quelconque des produits Microsoft suivants\~:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 les mises \'e0 jour,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 les suppl\'e9ments,\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 les services Internet et\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 les services d\rquote assistance\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 de ce logiciel, \'e0 moins que d\rquote autres conditions n\rquote accompagnent ces produits, auquel cas lesdites conditions seront applicables.\par
\b En utilisant le logiciel, vous reconnaissez accepter les termes des pr\'e9sentes. Si vous \'eates en d\'e9saccord avec ces termes, veuillez ne pas utiliser le logiciel et retournez-le \'e0 votre revendeur afin d\rquote obtenir un remboursement ou un avoir.\b0  Si vous ne parvenez pas \'e0 vous faire rembourser par votre revendeur, contactez Microsoft ou l'affili\'e9 Microsoft qui dessert votre pays afin d\rquote obtenir des informations sur la politique de remboursement de Microsoft. Consultez le site Internet \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone . En France, appelez le (011)(33)\~825\~827\~829 ou consultez le site Internet \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/france/\cf0\ulnone\b .\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Si vous vous conformez aux pr\'e9sentes conditions de licence, vous disposez des droits stipul\'e9s ci-dessous pour chaque licence acquise.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 PR\'c9SENTATION.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Logiciel. \b0 Le logiciel contient le logiciel d\rquote application d\rquote ordinateur.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Mod\'e8le de licence. \b0 Le logiciel est conc\'e9d\'e9 sous licence en vertu d\rquote une licence par copie et par dispositif.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\caps\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 Installation et droits d\rquote utilisation\caps0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Dispositif conc\'e9d\'e9 sous licence. \b0 Le dispositif conc\'e9d\'e9 sous licence est celui sur lequel vous utilisez le logiciel. Vous \'eates autoris\'e9 \'e0 installer et \'e0 utiliser une copie du logiciel sur le dispositif sous licence.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\caps\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 Conditions de licence et/ou droits d\rquote utilisation suppl\'e9mentaires\caps0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\caps\f2\fs20 4.   \f0\fs19 Services INTERNET.\b0\caps0  Microsoft fournit des services Internet avec le logiciel. Ils peuvent \'eatre modifi\'e9s ou annul\'e9s \'e0 tout moment.\b\par
\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 CHAMP D\rquote APPLICATION DE LA LICENCE.\b0  Le logiciel n\rquote est pas vendu mais conc\'e9d\'e9 sous licence. Le pr\'e9sent contrat vous conf\'e8re certains droits d\rquote utilisation du logiciel. Microsoft se r\'e9serve tous les autres droits. Sauf si la loi en vigueur vous conf\'e8re d\rquote autres droits, nonobstant la pr\'e9sente limitation, vous n\rquote\'eates autoris\'e9 \'e0 utiliser le logiciel qu\rquote en conformit\'e9 avec les termes du pr\'e9sent accord. \'c0 cette fin, vous devez vous conformer aux restrictions techniques contenues dans le logiciel qui vous permettent de l\rquote utiliser d\rquote une certaine fa\'e7on. Des informations suppl\'e9mentaires sont disponibles sur le site Internet \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone . Vous n\rquote\'eates pas autoris\'e9 \'e0\~:\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 contourner les restrictions techniques contenues dans le logiciel\~;\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 reconstituer la logique du logiciel, le d\'e9compiler ou le d\'e9sassembler, sauf dans la mesure o\'f9 ces op\'e9rations seraient express\'e9ment permises par la r\'e9glementation applicable nonobstant la pr\'e9sente limitation\~;\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 effectuer plus de copies du logiciel que ce qui n\rquote est autoris\'e9 dans le pr\'e9sent contrat ou par la r\'e9glementation applicable, nonobstant la pr\'e9sente limitation\~;\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 publier le logiciel en vue d\rquote une reproduction par autrui\~;\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 louer ou pr\'eater le logiciel ou\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 utiliser le logiciel en association avec des services d\rquote h\'e9bergement commercial.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\caps\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 COPIE DE SAUVEGARDE.\b0\caps0  Vous \'eates autoris\'e9 \'e0 effectuer une (1) copie de sauvegarde du logiciel. Vous ne pouvez l\rquote utiliser que dans le but de r\'e9installer le logiciel.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\caps\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 Documentation.\b0\caps0  Tout utilisateur disposant d\rquote un acc\'e8s valable \'e0 votre ordinateur ou \'e0 votre r\'e9seau interne est autoris\'e9 \'e0 copier et \'e0 utiliser la documentation \'e0 titre de r\'e9f\'e9rence et \'e0 des fins internes.\par
\b\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 RESTRICTIONS \'c0 L\rquote EXPORTATION.\b0  Le logiciel est soumis \'e0 la r\'e9glementation am\'e9ricaine en mati\'e8re d\rquote exportation. Vous devez vous conformer \'e0 toutes les r\'e9glementations nationales et internationales en mati\'e8re d\rquote exportation concernant le logiciel. Ces r\'e9glementations comprennent des restrictions sur les pays destinataires, les utilisateurs finaux et les utilisations finales. Des informations suppl\'e9mentaires sont disponibles sur le site \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\caps\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 Services d\rquote assistance TECHNIQUE\caps0 .\b0  Microsoft fournit des services d\rquote assistance technique portant sur le logiciel, tels que d\'e9crits sur le site \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 INT\'c9GRALIT\'c9 DES ACCORDS.\b0  Le pr\'e9sent contrat (y compris la garantie ci-dessous), ainsi que les termes concernant les suppl\'e9ments, les mises \'e0 jour, les services Internet et d\rquote assistance technique que vous utilisez constituent l\rquote int\'e9gralit\'e9 des accords en ce qui concerne le logiciel et les services d\rquote assistance technique.\par
\b\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 DROIT APPLICABLE.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19\'c9tats-Unis. \b0 Si vous avez acquis le logiciel aux \'c9tats-Unis, les lois de l\rquote\'c9tat de Washington, \'c9tats-Unis d\rquote Am\'e9rique, r\'e9gissent l\rquote interpr\'e9tation de ce contrat et s\rquote appliquent en cas de r\'e9clamation pour rupture dudit contrat, sans donner d\rquote effet aux dispositions r\'e9gissant les conflits de lois. Les lois du pays dans lequel vous vivez r\'e9gissent toutes les autres r\'e9clamations, notamment les r\'e9clamations fond\'e9es sur les lois f\'e9d\'e9rales en mati\'e8re de protection des consommateurs, de concurrence d\'e9loyale et de d\'e9lits.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 En dehors des \'c9tats-Unis. \b0 Si vous avez acquis le logiciel dans un autre pays, les lois de ce pays s\rquote appliquent.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 EFFET JURIDIQUE.\b0  Le pr\'e9sent contrat d\'e9crit certains droits l\'e9gaux. Vous pouvez b\'e9n\'e9ficier d\rquote autres droits pr\'e9vus par les lois de votre \'c9tat ou pays. Vous pouvez \'e9galement b\'e9n\'e9ficier de certains droits \'e0 l\rquote\'e9gard de la partie aupr\'e8s de laquelle vous avez acquis le logiciel. Le pr\'e9sent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous conf\'e8rent les lois de votre \'c9tat ou pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 LIMITATION ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILIT\'c9 EN CAS DE DOMMAGES. Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement dans la limite du montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour le logiciel. Vous ne pouvez pr\'e9tendre \'e0 aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages sp\'e9ciaux, indirects, incidents ou accessoires et les pertes de b\'e9n\'e9fices.\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Cette limitation concerne\~:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 toute affaire li\'e9e au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris tout code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers\~; et\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 les r\'e9clamations pour rupture de contrat ou violation de garantie, les r\'e9clamations en cas de responsabilit\'e9 sans faute, de n\'e9gligence ou autre d\'e9lit dans la limite autoris\'e9e par la loi en vigueur.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Elle s\rquote applique \'e9galement, m\'eame si\~:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 la r\'e9paration, le remplacement ou le remboursement du logiciel ne compense pas int\'e9gralement tout pr\'e9judice subi\~; ou\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft avait ou aurait d\'fb avoir connaissance de l\rquote\'e9ventualit\'e9 de tels dommages.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Certains \'c9tats n\rquote autorisent pas l\rquote exclusion de garanties ou la limitation de responsabilit\'e9 pour les dommages indirects ou accessoires, de sorte que la limitation ou l\rquote exclusion ci-dessus peut ne pas vous \'eatre applicable. Elles peuvent \'e9galement ne pas vous \'eatre applicables si votre pays n\rquote autorise pas l\rquote exclusion de garanties ou la limitation de responsabilit\'e9 pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou autres types de dommages.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b GARANTIE LIMIT\'c9E\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab GARANTIE LIMIT\'c9E.\b0  Si vous suivez les instructions, le logiciel fonctionnera, pour l\rquote essentiel, tel que d\'e9crit dans la documentation de Microsoft re\'e7ue avec ou dans le logiciel.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 B.   DUR\'c9E DE LA GARANTIE\~; B\'c9N\'c9FICIAIRE DE LA GARANTIE\~; DUR\'c9E DE TOUTE GARANTIE IMPLICITE. La garantie limit\'e9e couvre le logiciel pendant une dur\'e9e de 90 jours \'e0 compter de son acquisition par le premier utilisateur. Si vous recevez des suppl\'e9ments, des mises \'e0 jour ou un logiciel de remplacement au cours de cette ann\'e9e, ils seront couverts soit pendant la dur\'e9e de la garantie restant \'e0 courir, soit pendant 30\~jours, la p\'e9riode la plus longue \'e9tant applicable.\b0  Si le premier utilisateur transf\'e8re le logiciel, la dur\'e9e de la garantie restant \'e0 courir s\rquote applique au destinataire.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Dans toute la mesure permise par la r\'e9glementation applicable, toute garantie implicite sera applicable uniquement pendant la dur\'e9e de la garantie limit\'e9e.\b0  Certains \'e9tats n\rquote autorisent pas les limitations portant sur la dur\'e9e d\rquote une garantie implicite, de sorte que les limitations ci-dessus peuvent ne pas vous \'eatre applicables. Elles peuvent \'e9galement ne pas vous \'eatre applicables, car certains pays n\rquote autorisent pas les limitations portant sur la dur\'e9e d\rquote une garantie implicite.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUSIONS DE LA GARANTIE.\b0  Cette garantie ne couvre pas les probl\'e8mes engendr\'e9s par vos propres actes (ou inex\'e9cutions), les actes d\rquote autrui ou tout autre \'e9v\'e9nement \'e9chappant au contr\'f4le raisonnable de Microsoft.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   RECOURS EN CAS DE VIOLATION DE GARANTIE. Microsoft s\rquote engage \'e0 r\'e9parer ou \'e0 remplacer le logiciel gratuitement. Si Microsoft ne peut pas le r\'e9parer ni le remplacer, elle remboursera le montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour le logiciel figurant sur le re\'e7u. Microsoft s\rquote engage \'e9galement \'e0 r\'e9parer ou \'e0 remplacer les suppl\'e9ments, les mises \'e0 jour et le logiciel de remplacement gratuitement. Si Microsoft ne peut pas les r\'e9parer ni les remplacer, elle remboursera le montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour ces \'e9l\'e9ments, le cas \'e9ch\'e9ant. Pour obtenir un remboursement, vous devez d\'e9sinstaller le logiciel et renvoyer tout support et autre document associ\'e9 \'e0 Microsoft accompagn\'e9s d\rquote un justificatif d\rquote achat. Ces recours sont les seuls dont vous disposez en cas de violation de garantie limit\'e9e.\b0\par
\b E.   DROITS DES CONSOMMATEURS NON AFFECT\'c9S. Vous pouvez b\'e9n\'e9ficier de droits suppl\'e9mentaires relatifs aux consommateurs en vertu du droit de votre pays, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.\b0\par
\b F.   PROC\'c9DURES RELATIVES AUX R\'c9CLAMATIONS ENTRANT DANS LE CADRE DE LA GARANTIE. \b0 Vous devrez fournir un justificatif d\rquote achat pour b\'e9n\'e9ficier de tout service entrant dans le cadre de la garantie.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab\'c9tats-Unis et Canada.\b0  Pour obtenir tout service ou information entrant dans le cadre de la garantie concernant les modalit\'e9s de remboursement d\rquote un logiciel acquis aux \'c9tats-Unis et au Canada, veuillez\~:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\f0 contacter Microsoft au num\'e9ro suivant\~: (800) MICROSOFT,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang2057\f1\'b7      \f0 contacter Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, U.S.A. ou\par
\lang1036\f1\'b7      \f0 vous rendre sur le site \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 2.\tab Europe, Moyen-Orient et Afrique. \b0 Si vous avez acquis le logiciel en Europe, au Moyen-Orient ou en Afrique, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited offre cette garantie limit\'e9e. En cas de r\'e9clamation au titre de cette garantie, veuillez contacter\~:\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1033\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block\~B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin\~18, Irlande ou\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1036\f1\'b7      \f0 l'affili\'e9 Microsoft qui dessert votre pays (visitez le site \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). En France, appelez le (011)(33)\~825\~827\~829 ou consultez le site \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/france/\cf0\ulnone . \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab En dehors des \'c9tats-Unis, du Canada, de l\rquote Europe, du Moyen-Orient et de l\rquote Afrique. \b0 Si vous avez acquis le logiciel en dehors des \'c9tats-Unis, du Canada, de l\rquote Europe, du Moyen-Orient et de l\rquote Afrique, veuillez contacter l'affili\'e9 Microsoft qui dessert votre pays (visitez le site \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab AUCUNE AUTRE GARANTIE. La garantie limit\'e9e est la seule garantie directe fournie par Microsoft. Microsoft n\rquote accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Dans la mesure autoris\'e9e par le droit de votre pays, Microsoft exclut les garanties implicites de qualit\'e9, d\rquote ad\'e9quation \'e0 un usage particulier et d\rquote absence de contrefa\'e7on. \b0 Si les lois de votre pays vous accordent des garanties implicites, nonobstant la pr\'e9sente exclusion, les recours dont vous disposez sont ceux expos\'e9s dans l\rquote article ci-dessus relatif aux recours en cas de violation de garantie, dans la limite autoris\'e9e par le droit de votre pays.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 H.   LIMITATION ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILIT\'c9 EN CAS DE VIOLATION DE GARANTIE. L\rquote article ci-dessus relatif \'e0 la limitation et l\rquote exclusion de responsabilit\'e9 en cas de dommages s\rquote applique en cas de violation de la pr\'e9sente garantie limit\'e9e.\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b La pr\'e9sente garantie vous conf\'e8re des droits l\'e9gaux sp\'e9cifiques et vous pouvez \'e9galement b\'e9n\'e9ficier d\rquote autres droits qui varient d\rquote un \'c9tat \'e0 l\rquote autre ou d\rquote un pays \'e0 l\rquote autre.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\fs28 TERMES DU CONTRAT DE LICENCE D\rquote UN SUPPL\'c9MENT MICROSOFT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\lang1033 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C\lang1036  POUR MICROSOFT \lang1033 DIRECTX\lang1036  \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (ou en fonction du lieu o\'f9 vous vivez, l\rquote un de ses affili\'e9s) vous accorde une licence pour ce suppl\'e9ment.  Si vous \'eates titulaire d\rquote une licence d\rquote utilisation du logiciel \lang1033 Microsoft DirectX\lang1036  (le \'ab\~logiciel\~\'bb), vous pouvez utiliser ce suppl\'e9ment.  Vous n\rquote\'eates pas autoris\'e9 \'e0 utiliser ce suppl\'e9ment si vous n\rquote\'eates pas titulaire d\rquote une licence pour le logiciel.  Vous pouvez utiliser une copie de ce suppl\'e9ment avec chaque copie conc\'e9d\'e9e sous licence du logiciel.\b\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \b0 Les conditions de licence suivantes d\'e9crivent les conditions d\rquote utilisation suppl\'e9mentaires applicables pour ce suppl\'e9ment.  Les pr\'e9sentes conditions et les conditions de licence pour le logiciel s'appliquent \'e0 l'utilisation du suppl\'e9ment.  En cas de conflit, les pr\'e9sentes conditions de licence suppl\'e9mentaires s\rquote appliquent.  \par
\par
\b En utilisant ce suppl\'e9ment, vous acceptez ces termes.  Si vous ne les acceptez pas, n\rquote utilisez pas ce suppl\'e9ment.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 Dans le cadre du pr\'e9sent accord de licence, vous disposez des droits ci-dessous.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2 1.   \lang1036\f0 SERVICES D\rquote ASSISTANCE TECHNIQUE POUR LE SUPPL\'c9MENT.  \b0 Microsoft fournit des services d\rquote assistance technique pour ce logiciel disponibles sur le site \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\fs19\par
\par
\cf1\lang1033\b0\v [ITALIAN]\f3\par
\cf0\b\v0\f0\fs28 CONTRATTO DI LICENZA PER IL SOFTWARE MICROSOFT\lang1040\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 Le presenti condizioni costituiscono il contratto tra Microsoft Corporation (o, in base al luogo di residenza dell\rquote utente, una delle sue consociate) e l\rquote utente.\lang1040  \lang1033 Leggerle con attenzione.\lang1040  \lang1033 Si applicano al software Microsoft di cui sopra inclusi gli eventuali supporti sui quali \'e8 stato ricevuto.\lang1040  \lang1033 Le presenti condizioni si applicano inoltre a:\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 aggiornamenti\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 supplementi\lang1040\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 servizi basati su Internet\lang1040\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 servizi di supporto tecnico\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 relativi ai predetti prodotti Microsoft, a meno che questi siano accompagnati da diverse condizioni.\lang1040  \lang1033 Nel qual caso queste ultime prevalgono.\lang1040\par
\lang1033\b Utilizzando il software, l\rquote utente accetta le presenti condizioni.\lang1040  \lang1033 Qualora l\rquote utente non le accetti, non potr\'e0 utilizzare il software e dovr\'e0 restituirlo prontamente al rivenditore per ottenere il rimborso del prezzo.\lang1040\b0  \lang1033 Qualora non sia possibile ottenere il rimborso, l\rquote utente potr\'e0 ricevere informazioni in merito alle diverse condizioni stabilite da Microsoft contattando direttamente Microsoft oppure la consociata Microsoft del proprio paese o visitando la pagina \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone .\lang1040  \lang1033 In Italia contattare il numero 39 02 70398398 o visitare la pagina \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/italy/default.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\lang1040\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 Qualora l\rquote utente si attenga alle presenti condizioni di licenza, disporr\'e0 dei diritti che seguono per ciascuna licenza acquistata.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 PREMESSE.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1033\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Il software include software per applicazioni desktop.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Modello di Licenza.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Il software \'e8 concesso in licenza nella modalit\'e0 Per copia per dispositivo.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 INSTALLAZIONE E DIRITTI DI UTILIZZO.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1033\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Dispositivo con Licenza.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Il dispositivo con licenza \'e8 il dispositivo su cui l\rquote utente utilizza il software.\lang1040  \lang1033 L\rquote utente potr\'e0 installare e utilizzare una copia del software sul dispositivo con licenza.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\caps\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 Requisiti Aggiuntivi per le Licenze e/o Diritti di Utilizzo\caps0 .\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\caps\f2\fs20 4.   \f0\fs19 ServiZi Basati\caps0  \caps su Internet.\lang1040\caps0  \lang1033\b0 Microsoft fornisce servizi basati su Internet insieme al software.\lang1040  \lang1033 Potr\'e0 cambiare o annullare tali servizi in qualsiasi momento.\lang1040\b\par
\lang1033\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 AMBITO DI VALIDIT\'c0 DELLA LICENZA.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Il Software non viene venduto, ma \'e8 concesso in licenza.\lang1040  \lang1033 Il presente contratto concede all\rquote utente solo alcuni diritti di utilizzo del software.\lang1040  \lang1033 Microsoft si riserva tutti gli altri diritti.\lang1040  \lang1033 Nel limite massimo consentito dalla legge applicabile l\rquote utente potr\'e0 utilizzare il software esclusivamente nei modi espressamente concessi nel presente contratto.\lang1040  \lang1033 Nel far ci\'f2, l\rquote utente dovr\'e0 attenersi a qualsiasi limitazione tecnica presente nel software che gli consenta di utilizzarlo solo in determinati modi.\lang1040  \lang1033 Per ulteriori informazioni, l\rquote utente potr\'e0 visitare la pagina \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone .\lang1040  \lang1033 L\rquote utente non potr\'e0\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\b0\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 aggirare le limitazioni tecniche presenti nel software\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 decodificare, decompilare o disassemblare il software, fatta eccezione per i casi in cui tali attivit\'e0 siano espressamente consentite dalla legge applicabile, nonostante questa limitazione\lang1040\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 effettuare pi\'f9 copie del software di quante specificate nel presente contratto o consentite dalla legge applicabile, nonostante questa limitazione\lang1040\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 pubblicare il software per consentire ad altri di copiarlo\lang1040\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 concederlo in locazione, leasing o prestito oppure\lang1040\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 utilizzare il software per fornire hosting di servizi commerciali.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 COPIA DI BACKUP.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 L\rquote utente potr\'e0 effettuare una copia di backup del software.\lang1040  \lang1033 Tale copia potr\'e0 essere utilizzata esclusivamente per reinstallare il software.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 DOCUMENTAZIONE.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Qualsiasi persona che ha un accesso valido al computer o alla rete interna potr\'e0 duplicare e utilizzare la documentazione per fini di riferimento interno.\lang1040\b\par
\lang1033\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 RESTRIZIONI ALL\rquote ESPORTAZIONE.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Il software \'e8 soggetto alle leggi e alle disposizione vigenti negli Stati Uniti in materia di controllo dell\rquote esportazione.\lang1040  \lang1033 L\rquote utente dovr\'e0 attenersi a tutte le leggi e le disposizioni locali e internazionali applicabili al software in materia di controllo dell\rquote esportazione.\lang1040  \lang1033 Queste leggi includono limitazioni circa le destinazioni, gli utenti finali e l\rquote utilizzo ultimo.\lang1040  \lang1033 Per ulteriori informazioni, l\rquote utente potr\'e0 visitare la pagina \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone .\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\caps\f2\fs20 9.\tab\f0\fs19 SERVIZI DI SUPPORTO TECNICO\caps0 .\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Microsoft fornisce servizi di supporto tecnico per il software come descritto all\rquote indirizzo \cf1\lang1040\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\lang1033\ulnone .\lang1040\b\par
\lang1033\f2\fs20 10.\tab\f0\fs19 INTERO ACCORDO.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Il presente accordo, inclusa la garanzia che segue, e le condizioni per i supplementi, gli aggiornamenti, i servizi Internet e i servizi di supporto tecnico utilizzati dall\rquote utente costituiscono l\rquote intero accordo relativo al software ed ai servizi di supporto tecnico.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 LEGGE APPLICABILE.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1033\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Stati Uniti.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Qualora il software sia stato acquistato negli Stati Uniti, il presente contratto sar\'e0 disciplinato dalla legge dello Stato di Washington sia per quanto riguarda l\rquote interpretazione che eventuali violazioni, indipendentemente da eventuali conflitti di legge.\lang1040  \lang1033 Tutte le altre azioni o rivendicazioni, incluse quelle derivanti da violazione della normativa vigente nello Stato di residenza dell\rquote utente, leggi dello Stato in materia di tutela dei consumatori, violazioni delle norme in materia di concorrenza sleale e pretese derivanti da responsabilit\'e0 civile saranno regolate dalla legge del luogo di residenza dell\rquote utente.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Al di fuori degli Stati Uniti.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Qualora il software sia stato acquistato in qualsivoglia altro Paese, il presente contratto sar\'e0 disciplinato dalla legge di tale Stato.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 EFFETTI.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Nel presente contratto vengono concessi alcuni diritti.\lang1040  \lang1033 All\rquote utente potranno essere concessi altri diritti ai sensi della legge dello Stato o del Paese di residenza.\lang1040  \lang1033 L\rquote utente potr\'e0 inoltre acquisire ulteriori diritti direttamente dalla parte da cui ha acquistato il software.\lang1040  \lang1033 La presente concessione in licenza non modifica i diritti dell\rquote utente ai sensi della legge dello stato o del paese di residenza qualora tale legge non lo consenta.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 LIMITAZIONE DI RESPONSABILIT\'c0 ED ESCLUSIONE DI DANNI.\lang1040  \lang1033 L\rquote utente potr\'e0 richiedere a Microsoft e ai suoi fornitori solo il risarcimento per i danni diretti nel limite dell\rquote importo effettivamente pagato dall\rquote utente per il software.\lang1040  \lang1033 L\rquote utente non potr\'e0 richiedere il risarcimento per eventuali altri danni, inclusi i danni consequenziali, speciali, indiretti o accidentali o relativi al lucro cessante.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\b0 Questa limitazione si applica a\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 qualsiasi aspetto relativo al software, ai servizi, al contenuto (incluso il codice) sui siti Internet o i programmi di terzi e\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 azioni giudiziarie derivanti da responsabilit\'e0 contrattuale, da violazioni di garanzia, delle condizioni, da responsabilit\'e0 oggettiva, negligenza o altra colpa nella misura massima consentita dalla legge applicabile.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033 Tali limitazioni si applicano anche nel caso in cui:\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 la riparazione, la sostituzione o un rimborso per il software non risarcisce completamente l\rquote utente di eventuali perdite oppure\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Microsoft era informata o avrebbe dovuto essere informata della possibilit\'e0 del verificarsi di tali danni.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033 Poich\'e9 alcuni stati non ammettono l\rquote esclusione o la limitazione di responsabilit\'e0 per danni incidentali o consequenziali, la limitazione o le esclusioni di cui sopra potrebbero non essere applicabili all\rquote utente.\lang1040  \lang1033 Potrebbero anche non essere applicabili, in quanto l\rquote esclusione o la limitazione di danni incidentali, consequenziali o di altro tipo potrebbe non essere consentita nel paese di residenza dell\rquote utente.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\lang1033\b GARANZIA LIMITATA\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033 A.\tab GARANZIA LIMITATA.\lang1040\b0  \lang1033 Qualora l\rquote utente si attenga alle istruzioni, il software funzioner\'e0 in sostanziale conformit\'e0 a quanto descritto nel materiale Microsoft che l\rquote utente riceve con il software.\lang1040\b\par
\lang1033 B.\tab PERIODO DELLA GARANZIA; DESTINATARIO DELLA GARANZIA; DURATA DI EVENTUALI GARANZIE IMPLICITE.\lang1040  \lang1033 LA GARANZIA LIMITATA HA DURATA DI 90 GIORNI DALLA DATA IN CUI IL SOFTWARE \'c8 STATO ACQUISTATO DAL PRIMO UTENTE.\lang1040  \lang1033\caps Qualora l\rquote utente riceva supplementi, aggiornamenti o software sostitutivi durante IL PERIODO di garanzia, essi saranno coperti per il rimanente periodo di validit\'e0 della garanzia o per 30 giorni, a seconda di quale termine sia pi\'f9 lungo\caps0 .\lang1040\b0  \lang1033 Qualora il primo utente trasferisca il software, il periodo rimanente della garanzia si applicher\'e0 al cessionario.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\caps Nella misura consentita dalla legge, eventuali garanzie o condizioni implicite gi\'e0 in essere avranno validit\'e0 esclusivamente per il periodo di validit\'e0 della garanzia limitata\caps0 .\lang1040\b0  \lang1033 Alcuni Stati non consentono limitazioni circa la durata della garanzia implicita; pertanto queste limitazioni potrebbero non essere applicabili.\lang1040  \lang1033 Le predette limitazioni potrebbero, inoltre, non essere applicabili nei Paesi che non consentono limitazioni circa la durata di una garanzia o di una condizione implicita.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\b C.\tab ESCLUSIONI DALLA GARANZIA.\lang1040\b0  \lang1033 La garanzia non \'e8 applicabile in caso in cui i problemi derivino da azioni (o omissioni) dell\rquote utente, da azioni di terzi o da eventi al di fuori del ragionevole controllo di Microsoft.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\lang1033\b D.   RIMEDI DELL\rquote UTENTE.\lang1040  \lang1033 Microsoft riparer\'e0 o sostituir\'e0 il software senza alcun costo aggiuntivo.\lang1040  \lang1033 Qualora la riparazione o la sostituzione non sia possibile, Microsoft rimborser\'e0 l\rquote importo indicato sulla ricevuta di pagamento del software.\lang1040  \lang1033 Riparer\'e0 o sostituir\'e0 inoltre i supplementi, gli aggiornamenti e il software sostitutivo senza alcun costo aggiuntivo.\lang1040  \lang1033 Qualora Microsoft non possa eseguire la riparazione o la sostituzione, rimborser\'e0 l\rquote eventuale importo pagato.\lang1040  \lang1033 L\rquote utente dovr\'e0 disinstallare il software e restituirlo a Microsoft unitamente a tutti i supporti, agli altri materiali associati e alla prova dell\rquote avvenuto acquisto per ottenere il rimborso.\lang1040  \lang1033 Questi sono gli unici rimedi dell\rquote utente relativi alla violazione della garanzia limitata.\lang1040\par
\lang1033 E.   MANTENIMENTO DEI DIRITTI DEI CONSUMATORI.\lang1040  \lang1033 Il presente contratto non modifica gli eventuali diritti dei consumatori riconosciuti all\rquote utente dalla legge locale.\lang1040\par
\lang1033 F.   PROCEDURE PER LA GARANZIA.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 L\rquote utente dovr\'e0 presentare una prova di acquisto per poter usufruire dei servizi relativi alla garanzia.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1033 1.\tab Stati Uniti e Canada.\lang1040\b0  \lang1033 Per i servizi relativi alla garanzia o per informazioni su come ottenere un rimborso per il software acquistato negli Stati Uniti e in Canada, l\rquote utente deve contattare Microsoft ai seguenti recapiti:\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 (800) MICROSOFT\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7      \lang1033\f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support /One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399 o\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7      \cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 2.\tab Europa, Medio Oriente e Africa.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Qualora l\rquote utente abbia acquistato il software in Europa, Medio Oriente o Africa, la presente garanzia limitata \'e8 concessa da Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited.\lang1040  \lang1033 Per presentare eventuali reclami ai sensi della presente garanzia, l\rquote utente dovr\'e0 contattare:\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1024\b0\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland o\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7      \lang1033\f0 la consociata Microsoft del proprio paese.\lang1040  \lang1033 Per informazioni, l\rquote utente potr\'e0 visitare la pagina \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone .\lang1040  \lang1033 In Italia contattare il numero 39 02 70398398 o visitare la pagina \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/italy/default.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1033\b 3.\tab Al di fuori degli Stati Uniti, Canada, Europa, Medio Oriente e Africa.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Qualora l\rquote utente abbia acquistato il software al di fuori degli Stati Uniti, del Canada, dell\rquote Europa, del Medio Oriente e dell\rquote Africa, l\rquote utente deve contattare la consociata Microsoft del proprio paese.\lang1040  \lang1033 Per informazioni, l\rquote utente potr\'e0 visitare la pagina \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone .\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033 G.\tab ESCLUSIONE DI ALTRE GARANZIE.\lang1040  \lang1033 La garanzia limitata \'e8 l\rquote unica garanzia diretta concessa da Microsoft.\lang1040  \lang1033 Non vengono fornite altre garanzie o condizioni esplicite.\lang1040  \lang1033 Laddove consentito dalla legge applicabile, vengono escluse eventuali garanzie implicite di commerciabilit\'e0, idoneit\'e0 per uno scopo specifico e non violazione dei diritti altrui.\lang1040  \lang1033\b0 Qualora, nonostante la presente esclusione, le leggi locali concedano all\rquote utente eventuali garanzie o condizioni implicite, i rimedi dell\rquote utente descritti nella clausola Rimedi dell\rquote Utente troveranno comunque applicazione, nella misura consentita dalle leggi locali.\lang1040\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\lang1033 H.   LIMITAZIONE DI RESPONSABILIT\'c0 ED ESCLUSIONE DI DANNI PER VIOLAZIONE DI GARANZIA.\lang1040  \lang1033 La clausola Limitazione di responsabilit\'e0 ed esclusione dei danni si applica alle violazioni della presente garanzia limitata.\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 Oltre agli specifici diritti riconosciuti all\rquote utente conferiti dalla presente garanzia, l\rquote utente potrebbe beneficiare di altri diritti che variano da Stato a Stato.\lang1040  \lang1033 L\rquote utente potrebbe, inoltre, beneficiare di altri diritti che variano da Paese a Paese.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1040\fs28 CONTRATTO DI LICENZA SUPPLEMENTARE PER IL SOFTWARE MICROSOFT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C PER MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (o, in base al luogo di residenza dell\rquote utente, una delle sue consociate) concede in licenza all\rquote utente il presente supplemento. Qualora l\rquote utente sia autorizzato a utilizzare Microsoft DirectX il software (il \ldblquote software\rdblquote ), potr\'e0 usare il presente supplemento. L\rquote utente non potr\'e0 utilizzarlo qualora non disponga di una licenza per il software. L\rquote utente potr\'e0 utilizzare una copia del presente supplemento con ciascuna copia validamente concessa in licenza del software.\par
Nelle condizioni di licenza che seguono sono descritte condizioni di utilizzo aggiuntive per il presente supplemento. Tali condizioni e le condizioni di licenza per il software si applicano all\rquote utilizzo del supplemento da parte dell\rquote utente. Qualora esista un conflitto, verranno applicate le condizioni di licenza del supplemento. \par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\lang1033\b Utilizzando il supplemento, l\rquote utente accetta le presenti condizioni. Qualora l\rquote utente non le accetti, non potr\'e0 utilizzare il supplemento.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1040 Qualora l\rquote utente si attenga alle presenti condizioni di licenza, disporr\'e0 dei diritti che seguono.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2 1.   \lang1040\f0 SERVIZI DI SUPPORTO TECNICO PER IL SUPPLEMENTO. \b0 Microsoft fornisce servizi di supporto tecnico per questo software come descritto all\rquote indirizzo \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033\fs19\par
\par
\cf1\lang1040\b0\v [GERMAN]\par
\cf0\lang1031\b\v0\fs28 MICROSOFT-SOFTWARE: LIZENZBESTIMMUNGEN\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1031\b0\fs19 Diese Lizenzbestimmungen sind ein Vertrag zwischen Ihnen und der Microsoft Corporation (oder einer anderen Microsoft-Konzerngesellschaft, wenn diese an dem Ort, an dem Sie die Software erwerben, die Software lizenziert). Bitte lesen Sie die Lizenzbestimmungen aufmerksam durch. Sie gelten f\'fcr die oben genannte Software und gegebenenfalls f\'fcr die Medien, auf denen Sie diese erhalten haben, sowie f\'fcr alle von Microsoft diesbez\'fcglich angebotenen\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Updates\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Erg\'e4nzungen\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Internetbasierten Dienste\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Supportleistungen\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Liegen letztgenannten Elementen eigene Bestimmungen bei, gelten diese eigenen Bestimmungen.\par
\b Durch die Verwendung der Software erkennen Sie diese Bestimmungen an. Falls Sie die Bestimmungen nicht akzeptieren, sind Sie nicht berechtigt, die Software zu verwenden. Geben Sie diese stattdessen dem Einzelh\'e4ndler gegen R\'fcckerstattung oder Gutschrift des Kaufpreises zur\'fcck.\b0  Wenn Sie dort keine R\'fcckerstattung des Kaufpreises erhalten k\'f6nnen, wenden Sie sich an Microsoft oder an das verbundene Unternehmen von Microsoft in Ihrem Land, siehe unter \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone  oder f\'fcr Deutschland unter \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/germany\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\fs20 Wenn Sie diese Lizenzbestimmungen einhalten, haben Sie die nachfolgend aufgef\'fchrten Rechte f\'fcr jede Lizenz, die Sie erwerben.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2 1.\tab\f0\fs19\'dcBERBLICK.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software.\b0  Die Software umfasst Desktop-Anwendungssoftware.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Lizenzmodell.\b0  Die Software wird auf der Basis pro Kopie pro Ger\'e4t lizenziert.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 RECHTE ZUR INSTALLATION UND NUTZUNG.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Lizenziertes Ger\'e4t.\b0  Das lizenzierte Ger\'e4t ist das Ger\'e4t, auf dem Sie die Software verwenden. Sie sind berechtigt, eine Kopie der Software auf dem lizenzierten Ger\'e4t zu installieren und zu verwenden.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 ZUS\'c4TZLICHE LIZENZANFORDERUNGEN UND/ODER NUTZUNGSRECHTE.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 4.   \f0\fs19 INTERNETBASIERTE DIENSTE.\b0  Microsoft stellt mit der Software internetbasierte Dienste bereit. Microsoft ist berechtigt, diese jederzeit zu \'e4ndern oder zu k\'fcndigen.\b\par
\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 G\'dcLTIGKEITSBEREICH DER LIZENZ.\b0  Die Software wird lizenziert, nicht verkauft. Dieser Vertrag gibt Ihnen nur einige Rechte zur Verwendung der Software. Microsoft beh\'e4lt sich alle anderen Rechte vor. Sie d\'fcrfen die Software nur wie in diesem Vertrag ausdr\'fccklich gestattet verwenden, es sei denn, das anwendbare Recht gibt Ihnen ungeachtet dieser Einschr\'e4nkung umfassendere Rechte. Dabei sind Sie verpflichtet, alle technischen Beschr\'e4nkungen der Software einzuhalten, die Ihnen nur spezielle Verwendungen gestatten. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter \cf1\ul\fs20 www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone .\fs19  Sie sind nicht dazu berechtigt:\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 technische Beschr\'e4nkungen der Software zu umgehen\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 die Software zur\'fcckzuentwickeln (Reverse Engineering), zu dekompilieren oder zu disassemblieren, es sei denn, dass (und nur insoweit) es durch das anwendbare Recht ungeachtet dieser Einschr\'e4nkung ausdr\'fccklich gestattet ist\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 eine gr\'f6\'dfere Anzahl von Kopien der Software als in diesem Vertrag angegeben oder vom anwendbaren Recht ungeachtet dieser Einschr\'e4nkung ausdr\'fccklich gestattet anzufertigen\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 die Software zu ver\'f6ffentlichen, damit andere sie kopieren k\'f6nnen\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 die Software zu vermieten, zu verleasen oder zu verleihen\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 die Software f\'fcr kommerzielle Software-Hostingdienste zu verwenden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 SICHERUNGSKOPIE.\b0  Sie sind berechtigt, eine Sicherungskopie der Software anzufertigen. Sie d\'fcrfen diese nur zur erneuten Installation der Software verwenden.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 DOKUMENTATION.\b0  Jede Person, die \'fcber einen g\'fcltigen Zugriff auf Ihren Computer oder Ihr internes Netzwerk verf\'fcgt, ist berechtigt, die Dokumentation zu Ihren internen Referenzzwecken zu kopieren und zu verwenden.\b\par
\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 AUSFUHRBESCHR\'c4NKUNGEN.\b0  Die Software unterliegt den Exportgesetzen und -regelungen der USA sowie des Landes, aus dem sie ausgef\'fchrt wird. Sie sind verpflichtet, alle nationalen und internationalen Exportgesetze und -regelungen einzuhalten, die f\'fcr die Software gelten. Zu diesen Gesetzen geh\'f6ren Einschr\'e4nkungen im Hinblick auf Bestimmungsorte, Endbenutzer und Endbenutzung. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter \cf1\ul\fs20 www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone\fs19 , oder wenden Sie sich an das verbundene Unternehmen von Microsoft in Ihrem Land, siehe unter \cf1\ul\fs20 www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone\fs19  oder f\'fcr Deutschland unter \cf1\ul\fs20 www.microsoft.com/germany\cf0\ulnone\fs19  oder telefonisch unter (49) (0) 89-3176-0.\b\par
\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 SUPPORTLEISTUNGEN.\b0  Microsoft stellt Supportleistungen f\'fcr die Software bereit, die unter \cf1\ul\fs20 www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone\fs19  beschrieben werden.\b\par
\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 GESAMTER VERTRAG.\b0  Dieser Vertrag (einschlie\'dflich der Garantie weiter unten) sowie die Bestimmungen f\'fcr von Ihnen verwendete Erg\'e4nzungen, Updates, internetbasierte Dienste und Supportleistungen stellen den gesamten Vertrag f\'fcr die Software und die Supportleistungen dar.\b\par
\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 ANWENDBARES RECHT.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Vereinigte Staaten.\b0  Wenn Sie die Software in den Vereinigten Staaten erworben haben, regelt das Gesetz des Staates Washington die Auslegung dieses Vertrags und gilt f\'fcr Anspr\'fcche, die aus einer Vertragsverletzung entstehen, ungeachtet von Prinzipien \'fcber Gesetzeskonflikte. Die Gesetze des Staates Ihres Wohnortes regeln alle anderen Anspr\'fcche, einschlie\'dflich Anspr\'fcche aus den Verbraucherschutzgesetzen des Staates, aus Gesetzen gegen unlauteren Wettbewerb und aus Schadenersatzverfahren.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Au\'dferhalb der Vereinigten Staaten.\b0  Wenn Sie die Software in einem anderen Land erworben haben, gelten die Gesetze dieses Landes.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 RECHTSKRAFT.\b0  Dieser Vertrag beschreibt bestimmte gesetzliche Rechte. M\'f6glicherweise haben Sie unter den Gesetzen Ihres Staates oder Landes weitergehende Rechte. M\'f6glicherweise verf\'fcgen Sie au\'dferdem \'fcber Rechte im Hinblick auf die Partei, von der Sie die Software erworben haben. Dieser Vertrag \'e4ndert nicht Ihre Rechte, die sich aus den Gesetzen Ihres Staates oder Bundeslandes ergeben, sofern die Gesetze Ihres Staates oder Bundeslandes dies nicht zulassen.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 BESCHR\'c4NKUNG UND AUSSCHLUSS DES SCHADENERSATZES. Sie k\'f6nnen von Microsoft und deren Lieferanten nur einen Ersatz f\'fcr direkte Sch\'e4den bis zu dem Betrag erhalten, den Sie f\'fcr die Software gezahlt haben. Sie k\'f6nnen keinen Ersatz f\'fcr andere Sch\'e4den erhalten, einschlie\'dflich Folgesch\'e4den, Sch\'e4den aus entgangenem Gewinn, spezielle, indirekte oder beil\'e4ufig entstandene Sch\'e4den.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 Diese Beschr\'e4nkung gilt f\'fcr:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 jeden Gegenstand im Zusammenhang mit der Software, Diensten, Inhalten (einschlie\'dflich Code) auf Internetseiten von Drittanbietern oder Programmen von Drittanbietern\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Anspr\'fcche aus Vertragsverletzungen, Verletzungen der Garantie oder der Gew\'e4hrleistung, verschuldensunabh\'e4ngiger Haftung, Fahrl\'e4ssigkeit oder anderen unerlaubten Handlungen im durch das anwendbare Recht gestatteten Umfang.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Sie gilt auch:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 wenn Nachbesserung, Nachlieferung oder Erstattung des Kaufpreises f\'fcr die Software Sie nicht vollst\'e4ndig f\'fcr Verluste entsch\'e4digt\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 wenn Microsoft von der M\'f6glichkeit der Sch\'e4den gewusst hat oder h\'e4tte wissen m\'fcssen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Einige Staaten gestatten den Ausschluss oder die Beschr\'e4nkung von Folge- oder beil\'e4ufig entstandenen Sch\'e4den nicht. Daher gilt die obige Beschr\'e4nkung oder der obige Ausschluss m\'f6glicherweise nicht f\'fcr Sie. Obige Beschr\'e4nkung und obiger Ausschluss gelten m\'f6glicherweise auch deshalb nicht f\'fcr Sie, weil Ihr Land den Ausschluss oder die Beschr\'e4nkung von beil\'e4ufig entstandenen Sch\'e4den, Folgesch\'e4den oder sonstigen Sch\'e4den nicht gestattet.\line\line\b Wenn Sie die Software in DEUTSCHLAND oder in \'d6STERREICH erworben haben, findet die Beschr\'e4nkung im vorstehenden Absatz \'84Beschr\'e4nkung und Ausschluss des Schadenersatzes\ldblquote  auf Sie keine Anwendung. \b0 Stattdessen gelten f\'fcr Schadenersatz oder Ersatz vergeblicher Aufwendungen, gleich aus welchem Rechtsgrund einschlie\'dflich unerlaubter Handlung, die folgenden Regelungen:\line\line Microsoft haftet bei Vorsatz, grober Fahrl\'e4ssigkeit, bei Anspr\'fcchen nach dem Produkthaftungsgesetz sowie bei Verletzung von Leben, K\'f6rper oder der Gesundheit nach den gesetzlichen Vorschriften.\line\line Microsoft haftet nicht f\'fcr leichte Fahrl\'e4ssigkeit. Wenn Sie die Software jedoch in \b Deutschland \b0 erworben haben, haftet Microsoft auch f\'fcr leichte Fahrl\'e4ssigkeit, wenn Microsoft eine wesentliche Vertragspflicht verletzt. In diesen F\'e4llen ist die Haftung von Microsoft auf typische und vorhersehbare Sch\'e4den beschr\'e4nkt. In allen anderen F\'e4llen haftet Microsoft auch in Deutschland nicht f\'fcr leichte Fahrl\'e4ssigkeit.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b BESCHR\'c4NKTE GARANTIE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab BESCHR\'c4NKTE GARANTIE.\b0  Wenn Sie die Anweisungen befolgen, wird die Software im Wesentlichen arbeiten wie in den Microsoft-Materialien beschrieben, die Sie in oder mit der Software erhalten.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 B.   LAUFZEIT DER GARANTIE; GARANTIEEMPF\'c4NGER; DAUER VON KONKLUDENTEN GEW\'c4HRLEISTUNGEN. Die beschr\'e4nkte Garantie gilt 90 Tage ab dem Erwerb der Software durch den ersten Nutzer. Wenn Sie w\'e4hrend dieses Jahres Erg\'e4nzungen, Updates oder Ersatzsoftware erhalten, fallen diese f\'fcr den Rest des Garantiezeitraums oder 30 Tage lang unter die beschr\'e4nkte Garantie, wobei der l\'e4ngere Zeitraum ma\'dfgeblich ist.\b0  Wenn der erste Nutzer die Software \'fcbertr\'e4gt, gilt f\'fcr den Empf\'e4nger der restliche Zeitraum der Garantie.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Im durch das anwendbare Recht gestatteten Umfang gelten Implied Warranties oder Implied Guarantees (konkludente Gew\'e4hrleistungen oder Garantien) nur w\'e4hrend der Laufzeit der beschr\'e4nkten Garantie.\b0  Einige Bundesstaaten gestatten keine zeitliche Begrenzung einer Implied Warranty. Daher gelten die vorstehenden Beschr\'e4nkungen m\'f6glicherweise nicht f\'fcr Sie. Sie gelten m\'f6glicherweise auch deshalb nicht f\'fcr Sie, weil einige L\'e4nder unter Umst\'e4nden keine zeitliche Begrenzung einer Implied Warranty oder Implied Guarantee gestatten.\line\line In \b DEUTSCHLAND und in \'d6STERREICH\b0  gibt es das Konzept der Implied Warranties oder Implied Guarantees, wie es im vorstehenden zweiten Unterabschnitt von Abschnitt B dargelegt ist, nicht. Zur Vermeidung jeglicher Zweifel wird klargestellt, dass Ihre gesetzlichen Rechte nach deutschem bzw. \'f6sterreichischem Recht hierdurch weder ausgeschlossen noch eingeschr\'e4nkt werden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab GARANTIEAUSSCHL\'dcSSE.\b0  Diese Garantie deckt keine Probleme ab, die durch Ihre Handlungen (oder unterlassenen Handlungen), die Handlungen anderer oder Ereignisse au\'dferhalb zumutbarer Einflussnahme von Microsoft verursacht werden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   ANSPR\'dcCHE BEI VERLETZUNG DER GARANTIE. Microsoft wird die Software kostenlos nachbessern oder nachliefern. Wenn Microsoft sie nicht nachbessern oder nachliefern kann, wird Microsoft den Betrag zur\'fcckerstatten, der auf Ihrer Quittung f\'fcr die Software ausgewiesen ist. Microsoft wird au\'dferdem Erg\'e4nzungen, Updates und Ersatzsoftware kostenlos nachbessern oder nachliefern. Wenn Microsoft sie nicht nachbessern oder nachliefern kann, wird Microsoft den von Ihnen gegebenenfalls daf\'fcr gezahlten Betrag zur\'fcckerstatten. Sie sind verpflichtet, die Software zu deinstallieren und mit den dazugeh\'f6rigen Medien und anderen Materialien und einem Kaufnachweis an Microsoft zur\'fcckzugeben, um eine R\'fcckerstattung zu erhalten. Dies sind Ihre einzigen Anspr\'fcche im Falle einer Verletzung der beschr\'e4nkten Garantie.\par
E.   VERBRAUCHERRECHTE NICHT BER\'dcHRT. M\'f6glicherweise haben Sie unter den \'f6rtlich anwendbaren Gesetzen zus\'e4tzliche Verbraucherrechte, die durch diesen Vertrag nicht abge\'e4ndert werden k\'f6nnen.\par
F.   GARANTIEVERFAHREN.\b0  F\'fcr Garantieleistungen ben\'f6tigen Sie einen Kaufnachweis.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab Vereinigte Staaten und Kanada.\b0  F\'fcr Garantieleistungen oder Informationen dar\'fcber, wie Sie eine R\'fcckerstattung f\'fcr in den Vereinigten Staaten oder Kanada erworbene Software erhalten k\'f6nnen, wenden Sie sich an Microsoft unter einer der folgenden Adressen bzw. Telefonnummern:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f1\'b7      \f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA oder\par
\cf1\f1\fs20\'b7      \ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\fs19\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1031\b 2.\tab Europa, Naher Osten und Afrika.\b0  Wenn Sie die Software in Europa, im Nahen Osten oder in Afrika erworben haben, gew\'e4hrt Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited diese beschr\'e4nkte Garantie. Um einen Anspruch aus dieser Garantie geltend zu machen, wenden Sie sich bitte an eine der folgenden Adressen:\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Irland oder\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7      \f0 das verbundene Unternehmen von Microsoft in Ihrem Land (siehe unter \cf1\ul\fs20 www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone )\fs19  oder f\'fcr Deutschland unter \cf1\ul\fs20 www.microsoft.com/germany\cf0\ulnone\fs19 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab Au\'dferhalb der Vereinigten Staaten, Kanadas, Europas, des Nahen Ostens und Afrikas.\b0  Wenn Sie die Software au\'dferhalb der Vereinigten Staaten, Kanadas, Europas, des Nahen Ostens und Afrikas erworben haben, wenden Sie sich an das verbundene Unternehmen von Microsoft in Ihrem Land (siehe unter \cf1\ul\fs20 www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone\fs19 ).\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab KEINE ANDEREN GARANTIEN. Die beschr\'e4nkte Garantie ist die einzige direkte Garantie von Microsoft. Microsoft gew\'e4hrt keine anderen ausdr\'fccklichen Gew\'e4hrleistungen oder Garantien. Im durch das \'f6rtlich anwendbare Recht gestatteten Umfang schlie\'dft Microsoft Implied Warranties der Gebrauchstauglichkeit, Eignung f\'fcr einen bestimmten Zweck und Nichtverletzung von Rechten Dritter aus. \b0 Wenn Ihnen das \'f6rtlich anwendbare Recht ungeachtet dieses Ausschlusses Implied Warranties oder Implied Guarantees gew\'e4hrt, sind Ihre Anspr\'fcche in der oben stehenden Klausel \'84Anspr\'fcche bei Verletzung der Garantie\ldblquote  beschrieben, soweit das \'f6rtlich anwendbare Recht dies gestattet.\line\line In \b DEUTSCHLAND und in \'d6STERREICH\b0  gibt es das Konzept der Implied Warranties oder Implied Guarantees, wie es in den beiden vorstehenden S\'e4tzen dargelegt ist, nicht. Zur Vermeidung jeglicher Zweifel wird klargestellt, dass Ihre gesetzlichen Rechte nach deutschem bzw. \'f6sterreichischem Recht hierdurch weder ausgeschlossen noch eingeschr\'e4nkt werden.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 H.   BESCHR\'c4NKUNG UND AUSSCHLUSS DES SCHADENERSATZES F\'dcR VERLETZUNGEN DER GARANTIE. Die oben stehende Klausel \'84Beschr\'e4nkung und Ausschluss des Schadenersatzes\ldblquote  gilt f\'fcr Verletzungen dieser beschr\'e4nkten Garantie.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 Diese Garantie gew\'e4hrt Ihnen bestimmte Rechte; m\'f6glicherweise stehen Ihnen je nach Bundesstaat weitergehende Rechte zu. Sie k\'f6nnen auch von Land zu Land unterschiedliche weitergehende Rechte haben.\line\line In DEUTSCHLAND und in \'d6STERREICH werden die beiden vorstehenden S\'e4tze folgenderma\'dfen n\'e4her spezifiziert: Diese beschr\'e4nkte Garantie verleiht Ihnen bestimmte Rechte zus\'e4tzlich zu Ihren gesetzlichen Rechten nach deutschem und \'f6sterreichischem Recht.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1031\fs28 LIZENZBESTIMMUNGEN F\'dcR MICROSOFT-SOFTWAREERG\'c4NZUNG\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C F\'dcR MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (oder eine andere Microsoft-Konzerngesellschaft, wenn diese an dem Ort, an dem Sie die Software erwerben, die Software lizenziert) lizenziert diese Softwareerg\'e4nzung an Sie. Wenn Sie \'fcber eine Lizenz zur Verwendung der Microsoft Software DirectX (die \'84Software\ldblquote ) verf\'fcgen, sind Sie berechtigt, diese Softwareerg\'e4nzung zu verwenden. Sie sind nicht berechtigt, sie zu verwenden, wenn Sie keine Lizenz f\'fcr die Software haben. Sie sind berechtigt, eine Kopie dieser Softwareerg\'e4nzung mit jeder ordnungsgem\'e4\'df lizenzierten Kopie der Software zu verwenden.\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 In den folgenden Lizenzbestimmungen werden\b  \b0 zus\'e4tzliche Nutzungsbedingungen f\'fcr diese Softwareerg\'e4nzung beschrieben. Diese Bestimmungen und die Lizenzbestimmungen f\'fcr die Software gelten f\'fcr Ihre Verwendung der Softwareerg\'e4nzung. Im Falle eines Widerspruchs gelten diese erg\'e4nzenden Lizenzbestimmungen.\par
\b Durch die Verwendung dieser Softwareerg\'e4nzung erkennen Sie diese Bestimmungen an. Falls Sie die Bestimmungen nicht akzeptieren, sind Sie nicht berechtigt, diese Softwareerg\'e4nzung zu verwenden.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 Wenn Sie diese Lizenzbestimmungen einhalten, haben Sie die nachfolgend aufgef\'fchrten Rechte.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2 1.   \lang1031\f0 SUPPORTLEISTUNGEN F\'dcR SOFTWAREERG\'c4NZUNG.\b0  Microsoft stellt Supportleistungen f\'fcr diese Software bereit, die unter \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone  beschrieben werden.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033\fs19\par
\par
\cf1\lang1031\b0\v [SPANISH]\par
\cf0\lang3082\b\v0\fs28 T\'c9RMINOS DE LICENCIA DEL SOFTWARE DE MICROSOFT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: \lang1033 MARINE MANIA \lang3082\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 Los presentes t\'e9rminos de licencia son un contrato entre Microsoft Corporation (o, en funci\'f3n del pa\'eds en que usted resida, una de las sociedades de su grupo) y usted.  S\'edrvase leerlos detenidamente.  Son de aplicaci\'f3n al software arriba mencionado, el cual incluye los soportes en los que lo haya recibido, en su caso.  Estos t\'e9rminos tambi\'e9n ser\'e1n de aplicaci\'f3n a los siguientes elementos de Microsoft:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 actualizaciones,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 suplementos,\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 servicios basados en Internet, y\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 servicios de soporte t\'e9cnico\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 correspondientes a este software, a menos que existan otros t\'e9rminos aplicables a dichos elementos.  En tal caso, se aplicar\'e1n dichos otros t\'e9rminos.\par
\b Al hacer uso del software, usted estar\'e1 aceptando estos t\'e9rminos.  Si usted no los acepta, no use el software.  En lugar de usarlo, devu\'e9lvalo al distribuidor a los efectos de obtener un reembolso o cr\'e9dito.  \b0 Si usted no puede obtener un reembolso de este modo, p\'f3ngase en contacto con Microsoft o con la sociedad del grupo Microsoft correspondiente a su pa\'eds para obtener informaci\'f3n sobre la pol\'edtica de reembolsos de Microsoft.  Consulte \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone .  Para Mexico, llame al (011)(91) (55) 5267-2000, o bien visite el sitio Web \cf1\ul\fs20 www.microsoft.com/mexico/default.asp\cf0\ulnone\fs19 .\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Si usted cumple los presentes t\'e9rminos de esta licencia, dispondr\'e1 de los siguientes derechos para cada licencia que adquiera.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 INTRODUCCI\'d3N.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software.  \b0 El software incluye software de aplicaciones de sobremesa.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Modelo de licencia.  \b0 La licencia de software se concede en modo por copia por dispositivo.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\caps\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 Derechos de instalaci\'f3n y uso\caps0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Dispositivo con licencia.  \b0 Se entiende por dispositivo con licencia el dispositivo en el que usted utiliza el software.  En el dispositivo con licencia podr\'e1 instalar y utilizar una copia del software.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\caps\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 Requisitos de licencia y/o derechos de uso adicionales\caps0 .\par
\f2\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs19 SERVICIOS BASADOS EN INTERNET.  \b0 Microsoft proporciona con el software servicios basados en Internet.  Microsoft podr\'e1 modificarlos o cancelarlos en cualquier momento.\b\par
\f2\fs20 5.\tab\f0\fs19 ALCANCE DE LA LICENCIA.  \b0 El software se cede bajo licencia y no es objeto de venta. El presente contrato s\'f3lo le otorga algunos derechos de uso del software.  Microsoft se reserva todos los dem\'e1s derechos.  A menos que la legislaci\'f3n aplicable le otorgue m\'e1s derechos a pesar de esta limitaci\'f3n, usted s\'f3lo podr\'e1 utilizar el software tal como lo autoriza expresamente el presente contrato.  Al hacerlo, deber\'e1 ajustarse a las limitaciones t\'e9cnicas del software que s\'f3lo permiten utilizarlo de determinadas formas.  Para obtener m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, consulte \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone .  Usted no podr\'e1:\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 eludir las limitaciones t\'e9cnicas del software,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 utilizar t\'e9cnicas de ingenier\'eda inversa, descompilar o desensamblar el software, excepto y \'fanicamente en la medida en que ello est\'e9 expresamente permitido por la ley a pesar de la presente limitaci\'f3n,\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 hacer m\'e1s copias del software de las que especifica este contrato o permite la legislaci\'f3n vigente a pesar de esta limitaci\'f3n,\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 hacer p\'fablico el software para que otros lo copien,\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 alquilar, arrendar o ceder el software, o\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 utilizar el software para prestar servicios de alojamiento de software comercial.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 COPIA DE SEGURIDAD.  \b0 Usted puede realizar una \'fanica copia de seguridad del software.  Usted s\'f3lo podr\'e1 utilizarla para volver a instalar el software.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 DOCUMENTACI\'d3N.  \b0 Toda persona que tenga acceso v\'e1lido a su ordenador o a la red interna puede copiar y utilizar la documentaci\'f3n a efectos de consulta internos.\b\par
\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 RESTRICCIONES EN MATERIA DE EXPORTACI\'d3N.  \b0 El software est\'e1 sujeto a las leyes y disposiciones en materia de exportaci\'f3n de los Estados Unidos.  Usted debe cumplir todas las leyes y disposiciones en materia de exportaci\'f3n internacionales y nacionales que sean de aplicaci\'f3n al software.  Estas leyes incluyen restricciones de los destinos, usuarios finales y uso final.  Para obtener informaci\'f3n adicional, visite \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 SERVICIOS DE SOPORTE T\'c9CNICO.  \b0 Microsoft presta servicios de soporte t\'e9cnico para el software, tal y como se describe en \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 CONTRATO COMPLETO.  \b0 Este contrato (incluida la garant\'eda que aparece m\'e1s abajo) y los t\'e9rminos aplicables a suplementos, actualizaciones, servicios basados en Internet y servicios de soporte t\'e9cnico que usted utilice, constituyen el contrato completo en relaci\'f3n con el software y los servicios de soporte t\'e9cnico.\b\par
\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 LEGISLACI\'d3N APLICABLE.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Estados Unidos.  \b0 Si usted adquiri\'f3 el software en los Estados Unidos, la interpretaci\'f3n del presente contrato se regir\'e1 por la legislaci\'f3n del Estado de Washington, que ser\'e1 de aplicaci\'f3n a las reclamaciones por incumplimiento del mismo, independientemente de sus normas de conflicto de leyes.  Para todas las dem\'e1s reclamaciones, ser\'e1 de aplicaci\'f3n la legislaci\'f3n de su Estado de residencia, incluyendo las reclamaciones en virtud de las leyes estatales en materia de protecci\'f3n del consumidor, competencia desleal y responsabilidad extracontractual.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Fuera de los Estados Unidos.  \b0 Si usted adquiri\'f3 el software en otro pa\'eds, ser\'e1 de aplicaci\'f3n la legislaci\'f3n de dicho pa\'eds.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 EFECTOS LEGALES.  \b0 El presente contrato describe determinados derechos legales.  Es posible que usted disponga de otros derechos en virtud de la legislaci\'f3n de su Estado o pa\'eds.  Asimismo, usted puede disponer de derechos ante la persona de la que adquiri\'f3 el software.  Este contrato no modifica los derechos de los que usted dispone en virtud de la legislaci\'f3n de su Estado o pa\'eds si dicha legislaci\'f3n no permite tal cosa.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 LIMITACI\'d3N Y EXCLUSI\'d3N DE LA RESPONSABILIDAD.  Usted podr\'e1 obtener de Microsoft y de sus proveedores \'fanicamente la indemnizaci\'f3n de los da\'f1os directos que usted sufra efectivamente, y ello con el l\'edmite m\'e1ximo del importe que usted haya pagado por el software. Usted no podr\'e1 obtener indemnizaci\'f3n alguna por da\'f1os de otra \'edndole, incluidos los consecuentes, especiales, indirectos o incidentales, as\'ed como tampoco por los derivados de lucro cesante.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120\lang1034\b0 Esta limitaci\'f3n se aplica a:\lang3082\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 cualquier cuesti\'f3n relacionada con el software, servicios, contenidos (incluido el c\'f3digo) que se hallen en sitios de Internet de terceros, o programas de terceros, as\'ed como a\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 reclamaciones por incumplimiento de contrato, incumplimiento de garant\'eda o condici\'f3n, responsabilidad estricta, negligencia u otra responsabilidad extracontractual hasta el l\'edmite permitido por la legislaci\'f3n vigente.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120 Tambi\'e9n se aplica incluso si\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 la reparaci\'f3n, sustituci\'f3n o reintegro del precio del software no le compensa plenamente por las p\'e9rdidas en que usted haya incurrido, o si\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft conoc\'eda o deber\'eda haber conocido la posibilidad de que se produjesen dichos da\'f1os.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120\lang1034 Algunos estados no admiten la exclusi\'f3n o limitaci\'f3n de la responsabilidad por da\'f1os consecuentes o incidentales, por lo que es posible que la limitaci\'f3n o las exclusiones precedentes no sean de aplicaci\'f3n a su caso.\lang3082   \lang1034 Tambi\'e9n pueden producirse situaciones en las que no puedan aplicarse a su caso porque su pa\'eds no admite la exclusi\'f3n o limitaci\'f3n de da\'f1os consecuentes, incidentales o de otra \'edndole.\lang3082\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b GARANT\'cdA LIMITADA\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab GARANT\'cdA LIMITADA.\b0   Si usted sigue las instrucciones, el software se ejecutar\'e1 sustancialmente como se describe en los materiales de Microsoft que haya recibido con el software o dentro del mismo.\b\par
B.\tab DURACI\'d3N DE LA GARANT\'cdA; BENEFICIARIO DE LA GARANT\'cdA; ALCANCE DE LAS GARANT\'cdAS IMPL\'cdCITAS.  LA GARANT\'cdA LIMITADA CUBRE EL SOFTWARE HASTA 90 D\'cdAS DESPU\'c9S DE SU ADQUISICI\'d3N POR PARTE DEL PRIMER USUARIO.  SI DURANTE ESE PERIODO USTED RECIBE SUPLEMENTOS, ACTUALIZACIONES O SUSTITUCIONES DEL SOFTWARE, ELLOS ESTAR\'c1N CUBIERTOS POR LO QUE RESTE DE LA GARANT\'cdA O, COMO M\'cdNIMO, DURANTE 30 D\'cdAS.\b0   Si el primer usuario transfiere el software, lo que reste de garant\'eda se aplicar\'e1 al adquirente.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120\lang1034 EN LA MEDIDA EN QUE LO PERMITA LA LEGISLACI\'d3N, TODAS LAS GARANT\'cdAS Y CONDICIONES IMPL\'cdCITAS TENDR\'c1N VIGENCIA \'daNICAMENTE DURANTE EL PER\'cdODO DE VIGENCIA DE LA GARANT\'cdA LIMITADA.\lang3082\b0   Sin embargo, algunos Estados no admiten limitaciones en cuanto a la duraci\'f3n de una garant\'eda impl\'edcita, por lo que es posible que estas limitaciones no sean de aplicaci\'f3n en su caso.  Es posible que tampoco se apliquen en su caso debido a que algunos pa\'edses no admiten limitaciones en cuanto a la duraci\'f3n de una garant\'eda o condici\'f3n impl\'edcita.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUSIONES DE LA GARANT\'cdA.\b0   Esta garant\'eda no cubre los problemas causados por acciones u omisiones de usted, acciones de terceros o eventos m\'e1s all\'e1 del control razonable de Microsoft.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   RECURSOS ANTE UN INCUMPLIMIENTO DE LA GARANT\'cdA.  Microsoft reparar\'e1 o sustituir\'e1 el software sin cargo alguno para usted.  Si Microsoft no puede repararlo o sustituirlo, le reembolsar\'e1 el importe que aparezca en el recibo del software.  Microsoft tambi\'e9n reparar\'e1 o sustituir\'e1 los suplementos, actualizaciones o sustituciones del software sin cargo alguno para usted.  Si Microsoft no puede repararlos ni sustituirlos, le reembolsar\'e1 la cantidad que haya pagado por ellos, en su caso.  Para obtener un reembolso deber\'e1 desinstalar el software y devolver a Microsoft cualquier soporte f\'edsico y otros materiales asociados, junto con el comprobante de compra.  Los mencionados son los \'fanicos recursos de que usted dispondr\'e1 en el caso de incumplimiento de la garant\'eda limitada.\par
E.   DERECHOS DEL CONSUMIDOR NO AFECTADOS.  Es posible que la legislaci\'f3n de su Estado o pa\'eds le otorgue derechos de consumidor adicionales que el presente contrato no pueda modificar.\par
F.   PROCEDIMIENTOS DE LA GARANT\'cdA.  \b0 Para exigir el cumplimiento de la garant\'eda, deber\'e1 presentar un comprobante de compra.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab Estados Unidos y Canad\'e1.\b0   Para exigir el cumplimiento de la garant\'eda u obtener informaci\'f3n sobre c\'f3mo obtener un reembolso por el software adquirido en los Estados Unidos y Canad\'e1, p\'f3ngase en contacto con Microsoft:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f1\'b7      \f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, EE.UU., o bien\par
\lang1036\f1\'b7      \f0 visite \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang3082\b 2.\tab Europa, Oriente Medio y \'c1frica.  \b0 Si usted adquiri\'f3 el software en Europa, Oriente Medio o \'c1frica, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited es la responsable de esta garant\'eda limitada.  Para presentar una reclamaci\'f3n en virtud de esta garant\'eda, puede ponerse en contacto con:\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dubl\'edn 18, Irlanda; o bien\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7      \f0 con la sociedad del grupo de Microsoft que atiende a su pa\'eds (consulte \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab Fuera de los Estados Unidos, Canad\'e1, Europa, Oriente Medio y \'c1frica.  \b0 Si adquiri\'f3 el software fuera de los Estados Unidos, Canad\'e1, Europa, Oriente Medio y \'c1frica, p\'f3ngase en contacto con la sociedad del grupo de Microsoft que atiende a su pa\'eds (visite \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). Para Mexico, llame al (011)(91) (55) 5267-2000, o bien visite el sitio Web \cf1\ul\fs20 www.microsoft.com/mexico/default.asp\cf0\ulnone\fs19 .\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab EXCLUSI\'d3N DE OTRAS GARANT\'cdAS.  La garant\'eda limitada es la \'fanica garant\'eda directa de microsoft.  Microsoft no otorga ninguna otra garant\'eda ni condici\'f3n expl\'edcitas.  En la medida en que as\'ed lo permita la legislaci\'f3n de su Estado o pa\'eds, Microsoft excluye las garant\'edas impl\'edcitas de idoneidad para una finalidad general o particular y ausencia de infracci\'f3n.  \b0 Si la legislaci\'f3n de su Estado o pa\'eds le otorga a usted cualesquiera garant\'edas o condiciones impl\'edcitas a pesar de lo previsto en esta cl\'e1usula, los recursos los recursos de que usted dispondr\'e1 ser\'e1n los dispuestos en la anterior cl\'e1usula "Recursos ante un incumplimiento de la garant\'eda", en la medida en que la legislaci\'f3n de su Estado o pa\'eds as\'ed lo permita.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 H.   LIMITACI\'d3N Y EXCLUSI\'d3N DE RESPONSABILIDAD POR UN INCUMPLIMIENTO DE LA GARANT\'cdA.  La anterior cl\'e1usula sobre "Limitaci\'f3n y exclusi\'f3n de la responsabilidad" ser\'e1 de aplicaci\'f3n a cualquier incumplimiento de la presente garant\'eda limitada.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Esta garant\'eda le otorga derechos legales espec\'edficos, aunque usted tambi\'e9n podr\'e1 disponer de otros derechos.  Dichos derechos pueden variar en funci\'f3n del pa\'eds.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\fs28 T\'c9RMINOS SUPLEMENTARIOS A LA LICENCIA DE USO DE SOFTWARE DE MICROSOFT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C PARA MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (o, en funci\'f3n del lugar en el que usted resida, alguna de las filiales de su grupo) le concede a usted la licencia de este suplemento. Si dispone de licencia de uso para el software de Microsoft DirectX (el \ldblquote software\rdblquote ), podr\'e1 utilizar este suplemento. No podr\'e1 utilizarlo si no dispone de una licencia del software. Podr\'e1 utilizar una copia de este suplemento con cada copia con licencia v\'e1lida del software.\par
\lang1033 Los siguientes t\'e9rminos de licencia describen t\'e9rminos de uso adicionales para este suplemento. \lang3082 Dichos t\'e9rminos y los t\'e9rminos de licencia para el software se aplicar\'e1n al uso que haga del suplemento. En caso de conflicto, prevalecer\'e1n los presentes t\'e9rminos de la licencia suplementaria.\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\b Al hacer uso del suplemento, se entiende que acepta estos t\'e9rminos. \lang1033 Si usted no los acepta, no use el suplemento.\lang3082\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 Si cumple usted los presentes t\'e9rminos de esta licencia, dispondr\'e1 de los siguientes derechos.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2 1.   \lang3082\f0 SERVICIOS DE SOPORTE T\'c9CNICO PARA SUPLEMENTOS. \b0 Microsoft presta servicios de soporte t\'e9cnico para este software, tal y como se describe en \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\fs19\par
\par
\cf1\lang1034\b0\v [DUTCH]\par
\cf0\lang1043\b\v0\fs28 LICENTIEBEPALINGEN VOOR MICROSOFT-SOFTWARE\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \lang1043\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 Deze licentiebepalingen zijn een overeenkomst tussen Microsoft Corporation (of, afhankelijk van uw woonplaats, een van haar gelieerde ondernemingen) en u. Lees deze bepalingen aandachtig door. Zij hebben betrekking op de hierboven vermelde software met inbegrip van de media waarop u de software hebt ontvangen (indien van toepassing). De bepalingen hebben tevens betrekking op het volgende van Microsoft\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 updates,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 aanvullingen,\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 op internet gebaseerde services en\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 productondersteuning\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 voor deze software, tenzij bij deze onderdelen andere bepalingen worden meegeleverd. In dat geval gelden de meegeleverde bepalingen.\par
\b Door de software te gebruiken, gaat u akkoord met deze bepalingen. Als u niet akkoord gaat met de bepalingen, mag u de software niet gebruiken. Breng de software dan terug naar de plaats van aankoop, tegen restitutie van het volledige aankoopbedrag.\b0  Als u bij de plaats van aankoop geen restitutie verkrijgt, neemt u dan contact op met Microsoft of met de gelieerde onderneming van Microsoft in uw land voor informatie over het restitutiebeleid van Microsoft. Zie \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone . In Nederland belt u +31 (0)20-5001 500 of gaat u naar \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/netherlands/default.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Als u de bepalingen en voorwaarden van deze overeenkomst nakomt, hebt u de onderstaande rechten voor elke licentie die u aanschaft.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 SAMENVATTING\lang1043 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2 a.\tab\f0 Software. \b0 De software omvat het volgende desktoptoepassingssoftware.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f2 b.\tab\f0 Licentiemodel. \b0 De software wordt in licentie gegeven per exemplaar en per apparaat.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 INSTALLATIE- EN GEBRUIKSRECHTEN.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2 a.\tab\f0 Gelicentieerd apparaat. \b0 Het gelicentieerde apparaat is het apparaat waarop u de software gebruikt. U mag \'e9\'e9n exemplaar van de software installeren en gebruiken op het gelicentieerde apparaat.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 AANVULLENDE LICENTIEVEREISTEN EN/OF GEBRUIKSRECHTEN.\par
\f2\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs19 OP INTERNET GEBASEERDE SERVICES. \b0 Microsoft levert op internet gebaseerde services bij de software. Microsoft mag deze services op elk gewenst moment wijzigen of annuleren.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 BEREIK VAN LICENTIE. \b0 De software wordt niet verkocht, maar in licentie gegeven. Deze overeenkomst verleent u slechts bepaalde rechten om de software te gebruiken. Microsoft behoudt zich alle andere rechten voor. U mag de software alleen gebruiken zoals expliciet wordt vermeld in deze overeenkomst, tenzij het toepasselijke recht u meer rechten verleent niettegenstaande deze beperking. U moet zich houden aan deze technische beperkingen in de software waardoor u deze alleen op bepaalde manieren kunt gebruiken. Zie \cf1\lang1033\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\lang1043\ulnone  voor meer informatie. Het is niet toegestaan\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 de technische beperkingen in de software te omzeilen,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 de software te onderwerpen aan reverse-engineering, te decompileren of disassembleren, tenzij en voorzover dit, niettegenstaande deze beperking, uitdrukkelijk is toegestaan op grond van toepasselijk dwingend recht;\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 meer kopie\'ebn te maken van de software dan is vermeld in deze overeenkomst of, niettegenstaande deze beperking, is toegestaan op grond van toepasselijk dwingend recht;\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 de software te publiceren zodat anderen deze kunnen kopi\'ebren;\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 de software te verhuren, in lease te geven, uit te lenen of\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 de software te gebruiken voor commerci\'eble diensten voor het verzorgen van een host-functie voor software.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 RESERVEKOPIE. \b0 U mag \'e9\'e9n reservekopie maken van de software. U mag deze reservekopie alleen gebruiken om de software opnieuw te installeren.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 DOCUMENTATIE. \b0 Iedereen die toegang heeft tot uw computer of het interne netwerk mag de documentatie kopi\'ebren en gebruiken voor interne referentiedoeleinden.\b\par
\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 EXPORTBEPERKINGEN. \b0 De software valt onder de Amerikaanse exportwetgeving. U moet u houden aan alle nationale en internationale exportwetten en -regels die van toepassing zijn op de software. Bij deze wetten zijn tevens inbegrepen beperkingen op bestemmingen, eindgebruikers en eindgebruik. Zie \cf1\lang1033\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone  \lang1043 voor meer informatie.\b\par
\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 PRODUCTONDERSTEUNING. \b0 Microsoft biedt productondersteuning voor de software zoals wordt beschreven op \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\par
\b\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 VOLLEDIGE OVEREENKOMST. \b0 Deze overeenkomst (met inbegrip van de onderstaande garantie) en de bepalingen voor aanvullingen, updates, op internet gebaseerde services en productondersteuningsservices die u gebruikt, vormen de volledige overeenkomst voor de software en productondersteuningsservices.\b\par
\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 TOEPASSELIJK RECHT.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2 a.\tab\f0 Verenigde Staten. \b0 Als u de software hebt verkregen in de Verenigde Staten, wordt de interpretatie van deze overeenkomst beheerst door het recht van de staat Washington en geldt het recht van de staat Washington voor breuk van de overeenkomst. Het recht van de staat waar u woont geldt voor alle andere claims, met inbegrip van claims onder wetgeving voor consumentenbescherming van de staat, wetgeving met betrekking tot oneerlijke concurrentie en onrechtmatige daad.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f2 b.\tab\f0 Buiten de Verenigde Staten. \b0 Als u de software hebt verkregen in een ander land, wordt de overeenkomst beheerst door het recht van het land waar u woont.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 JURIDISCH EFFECT. \b0 In deze overeenkomst worden bepaalde wettelijke rechten beschreven. Het is mogelijk dat u beschikt over andere rechten in uw rechtsgebied. Daarnaast is het mogelijk dat u beschikt over rechten met betrekking tot degene bij wie u de software hebt verkregen. Deze overeenkomst vormt geen wijziging van uw rechten in uw rechtsgebied als dit in uw rechtsgebied niet is toegestaan.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 BEPERKINGEN EN UITSLUITINGEN VAN SCHADE. U kunt bij Microsoft en haar leveranciers alleen directe schade verhalen tot het bedrag dat u hebt betaald voor de software. U kunt geen andere schade verhalen, met inbegrip van gevolgschade, schade door winstderving, speciale, indirecte of incidentele schade.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 Deze beperking geldt voor\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 alles met betrekking tot de software, services, inhoud (inclusief code) van internetsites van derden of programma's van derden en\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 claims voor contractbreuk, garantie- of voorwaardenbreuk, strikte aansprakelijkheid, nalatigheid of andere onrechtmatige daad voor zover is toegestaan op grond van toepasselijk recht.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Deze beperking geldt zelfs als\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 reparatie, vervanging of restitutie van het aankoopbedrag voor de software geen volledige compensatie vormt voor eventuele schade, of\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft op de hoogte was of op de hoogte zou moeten zijn van de mogelijkheid van dergelijke schade.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Bepaalde rechtsgebieden staan geen uitsluiting of beperking van gevolgschade of incidentele schade toe. Hierdoor kan het zijn dat bovenstaande beperking of uitsluitingen niet voor u gelden\scaps . \scaps0 Daarnaast is het mogelijk dat deze beperkingen of uitsluitingen niet voor u gelden omdat in uw land de uitsluiting of beperking van incidentele schade, gevolgschade of andere schade niet is toegestaan.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b BEPERKTE GARANTIE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab BEPERKTE GARANTIE. \b0 Als u de instructies volgt, zal de software in hoofdzaak functioneren overeenkomstig de Microsoft-materialen die deel uitmaken van of horen bij de software.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 B.   GARANTIETERMIJN; ONTVANGER VAN GARANTIE; DUUR VAN EVENTUELE IMPLICIETE GARANTIES. De beperkte garantie geldt gedurende 90 dagen nadat deze is aangeschaft door de eerste gebruiker. Als u aanvullingen, updates of vervangende software ontvangt gedurende dat jaar, is hiervoor de garantie van toepassing gedurende de resterende duur van de garantie of 30 dagen, als dit langer is.\b0  Als de eerste gebruiker de software overdraagt, geldt de resterende garantieduur voor de ontvanger.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Voor zover is toegestaan op grond van het recht, gelden alle impliciete garanties, garanties of voorwaarden alleen tijdens de duur van de beperkte garantie.\b0  In sommige rechtsgebieden zijn beperkingen wat betreft de duur van een impliciete garantie of voorwaarde niet toegestaan, wat inhoudt dat de voorgaande beperking niet voor u van toepassing is. Ook kunnen deze niet van toepassing zijn voor u omdat sommige landen geen beperkingen toestaan voor de duur van een impliciete garantie, garantie of voorwaarde.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab UITZONDERINGEN VAN GARANTIE. \b0 Deze garantie geldt niet voor problemen die het gevolg zijn uw acties (of nalatigheden), acties van anderen of gebeurtenissen die redelijkerwijs buiten de verantwoordelijkheid van Microsoft vallen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   VERHAALSMOGELIJKHEDEN VOOR GARANTIEBREUK. Microsoft repareert of vervangt de software kosteloos. Als Microsoft de software niet kan repareren of vervangen, biedt Microsoft een restitutie van het bedrag dat wordt vermeld op uw aankoopbewijs van de software. Microsoft repareert of vervangt bovendien aanvullingen, updates en vervangingen van de software kosteloos. Als Microsoft deze niet kan repareren of vervangen, biedt Microsoft een restitutie voor het eventueel betaalde bedrag. U moet de software verwijderen en alle media en andere bijbehorende materialen retourneren aan Microsoft met het aankoopbewijs voor een restitutie van het aankoopbedrag. Dit zijn uw enige verhaalsmogelijkheden voor breuk van de beperkte garantie.\b0\par
\b E.   GEEN INVLOED OP CONSUMENTENRECHTEN. Het is mogelijk dat u aanvullende consumentenrechten hebt in uw rechtsgebied. Deze overeenkomst kan hierin geen wijzigingen aanbrengen.\b0\par
\b F.   GARANTIEPROCEDURES. \b0 U hebt een aankoopbewijs nodig voor de garantieservice.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120 1.\tab Verenigde Staten en Canada. \b0 Voor garantieservice of informatie over het verkrijgen van een restitutiebedrag voor software die u hebt verkregen in de Verenigde Staten en Canada, neemt u contact op met Microsoft op\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1033\f1\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT;\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7      \f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 of\par
\lang1043\f1\'b7      \f0 ga naar \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\b 2.\tab Europa, Midden-Oosten en Afrika. \b0 Als u de software hebt verkregen in Europa, het Midden-Oosten of Afrika, wordt deze beperkte garantie verleend door Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited. Als u een claim wilt indienen onder deze garantie, neemt u contact op met\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1033\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ierland of\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1043\f1\'b7      \f0 de dichtstbijzijnde Microsoft-vestiging voor uw land (zie \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). In Nederland belt u +31 (0)20-5001 500 of gaat u naar \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/netherlands/default.aspx\cf0\ulnone . \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\b 3.\tab Buiten de Verenigde Staten, Canada, Europa, het Midden-Oosten en Afrika. \b0 Als u de software hebt verkregen buiten de Verenigde Staten, Canada, Europa, het Midden-Oosten en Afrika, neemt u contact op met de dichtstbijzijnde Microsoft-vestiging (zie \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). \b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab GEEN ANDERE GARANTIES. De beperkte garantie is de enige directe garantie van Microsoft. Microsoft wijst alle andere garanties of voorwaarden van de hand. Voor zover is toegestaan op grond van toepasselijk recht, wijst Microsoft de impliciete garanties van verkoopbaarheid, geschiktheid voor een bepaald doel en het niet-inbreukmakend karakter van de software af. \b0 Als in uw rechtsgebied impliciete garanties of voorwaarden worden geboden, worden, niettegenstaande deze uitsluiting, uw verhaalsmogelijkheden beschreven in de clausule Verhaalsmogelijkheden voor garantiebreuk hiervoor, voor zover is toegestaan op grond van toepasselijk recht.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 H.   BEPERKING EN UITSLUITING VAN SCHADE VOOR GARANTIEBREUK. De clausule Beperking en uitsluiting van schade hiervoor geldt voor breuk van deze beperkte garantie.\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Deze Beperkte garantie geeft u specifieke wettelijke rechten en mogelijk beschikt u ook over andere rechten die van rechtsgebied tot rechtsgebied verschillen. Ook kunt u beschikken over andere rechten die per land verschillen.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\fs28 LICENTIEVOORWAARDEN VOOR AANVULLING OP MICROSOFT-SOFTWARE\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C VOOR MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (of, afhankelijk van waar u woont, een van haar partners) geeft deze aanvulling aan u in licentie. Als u bevoegd bent tot het gebruik van Microsoft DirectX software (de 'software'), mag u deze aanvulling gebruiken. U mag deze niet gebruiken als u geen licentie hebt voor de software. U mag een exemplaar van deze aanvulling gebruiken bij elk geldig in licentie gegeven exemplaar van de software.\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 In de volgende licentievoorwaarden vindt u een beschrijving van\b  \b0 aanvullende gebruiksvoorwaarden voor deze aanvulling.\b  \b0 Deze voorwaarden en de licentievoorwaarden voor de software zijn van toepassing op uw gebruik van de aanvulling. Als deze voorwaarden tegenstrijdig met elkaar zijn, zijn deze aanvullende licentievoorwaarden van toepassing.\par
\b Door deze aanvulling te gebruiken, gaat u akkoord met deze voorwaarden. Als u niet akkoord gaat met de voorwaarden, mag u deze aanvulling niet gebruiken.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 Als u zich houdt aan deze licentievoorwaarden, beschikt u over volgende rechten:\par
\pard\s1\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2 1.   \lang1043\f0 PRODUCTONDERSTEUNING VOOR AANVULLING\lang3082\f3 .\lang1043\b0\f0  Microsoft biedt productondersteuning voor deze software zoals wordt beschreven op \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone\fs19 .\b\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\fs19\par
\par
\cf1\b0\v [DANISH]\par
\cf0\lang1033\b\v0\fs28 LICENSVILK\'c5R FOR MICROSOFT-SOFTWARE\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \lang1030\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033\b0\fs19 Disse licensvilk\'e5r er en aftale mellem Microsoft Corporation (eller, afh\'e6ngigt af hvor De bor, en af dets associerede virksomheder) og Dem.  De bedes l\'e6se dem.  De g\'e6lder for ovenn\'e6vnte software og de medier, De m\'e5tte have modtaget den p\'e5.  Vilk\'e5rene g\'e6lder ogs\'e5 for alle Microsofts\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 opdateringer\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 till\'e6g\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 internetbaserede tjenester og\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 supportydelser\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 medmindre andre vilk\'e5r f\'f8lger med disse ydelser.  Hvis det er tilf\'e6ldet, g\'e6lder s\'e5danne vedlagte vilk\'e5r.\par
\b Ved at tage softwaren i brug accepterer De disse vilk\'e5r.  S\'e5fremt De ikke kan acceptere vilk\'e5rene, har De ikke ret til at bruge softwaren.  De bedes i stedet returnere den til forhandleren for at f\'e5 refusion af k\'f8besummen eller en kreditnota.\b0   Hvis De ikke kan f\'e5 refusion af k\'f8besummen der, skal De kontakte Microsoft eller den lokale Microsoft-associerede virksomhed i Deres land for at f\'e5 oplysninger om Microsofts regler for refusion.  Se \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone .  \lang1030 I Danmark skal De ringe p\'e5 telefon 44 89 01 00 eller se \cf1\lang1033\ul www.microsoft.com/danmark/\cf0\lang1030\ulnone .\lang1033\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Hvis De overholder disse licensvilk\'e5r, har De nedenst\'e5ende rettigheder for hver licens, de anskaffer.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 OVERSIGT.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software.  \b0 Softwaren omfatter desktopapplikationssoftware.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensmodel. \b0 Softwaren licenseres p\'e5 basis af en licens pr. enhed.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1030\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 INSTALLATIONS- OG BRUGERVILK\'c5R.\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Licenseret enhed.  \b0 Den licenserede enhed er den enhed, som De bruger softwaren p\'e5.  De kan installere og bruge \'e9n kopi af softwaren p\'e5 den licenserede enhed.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 YDERLIGERE LICENSKRAV OG/ELLER BRUGSVILK\'c5R.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 4.   \f0\fs19 INTERNETBASEREDE TJENESTER. \b0  Microsoft leverer internetbaserede tjenester med softwaren.  Tjenesterne kan \'e6ndres eller annulleres n\'e5r som helst.\b\par
\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 OMFANGET AF LICENSEN.  \b0 Softwaren er licenseret og ikke solgt. Denne aftale giver Dem kun visse rettigheder til at bruge softwaren.  Microsoft forbeholder sig alle \'f8vrige rettigheder.  Medmindre g\'e6ldende lovgivning giver Dem flere rettigheder, har De kun ret til at bruge softwaren i overensstemmelse med denne aftales udtrykkelige ordlyd.  De skal samtidig overholde alle tekniske begr\'e6nsninger i softwaren, som kun tillader, at De bruger den p\'e5 bestemte m\'e5der.  Yderligere oplysninger finder De p\'e5 adressen \cf1\lang1030\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\lang1033\ulnone .  De m\'e5 ikke\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\b0\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 arbejde uden om de tekniske begr\'e6nsninger i softwaren,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 foretage reverse engineering, dekompilering eller disassemblering af softwaren, medmindre, og kun i det omfang, s\'e5danne handlinger udtrykkeligt og p\'e5 trods af n\'e6rv\'e6rende begr\'e6nsning er tilladt i henhold til g\'e6ldende lovgivning,\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 tage flere kopier af softwaren end det antal, der er specificeret i denne aftale eller er tilladt i henhold til g\'e6ldende lovgivning p\'e5 trods af n\'e6rv\'e6rende begr\'e6nsning,\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 udgive softwaren, s\'e5 andre kan kopiere den,\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 udleje, lease eller udl\'e5ne softwaren eller\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 bruge den til kommercielle software-hosting-tjenester.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 SIKKERHEDSKOPI.  \b0 De har ret til at tage \'e9n sikkerhedskopi af softwaren.  De m\'e5 kun benytte den til at geninstallere softwaren.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\caps\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 Dokumentation\caps0 .  \b0 Enhver person, der har gyldig adgang til Deres computer eller Deres interne netv\'e6rk, m\'e5 kopiere og bruge dokumentationen til Deres interne referenceform\'e5l.\b\par
\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 EKSPORTRESTRIKTIONER.  \b0 Softwaren er underlagt amerikansk eksportlovgivning.  De skal overholde alle danske og internationale eksportlove og -vedt\'e6gter, der g\'e6lder for softwaren.  Lovgivningen omfatter restriktioner p\'e5 destinationer, slutbrugere og endelig brug af softwaren.  \cf2 Yderligere oplysninger finder De p\'e5 \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 SUPPORTYDELSER.  \b0 Microsoft yder support p\'e5 softwaren, som beskrevet p\'e5 \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 HELE AFTALEN.  \b0 Denne aftale (inklusive garantien nedenfor) og vilk\'e5rene for till\'e6g, opdateringer, internetbaserede tjenester og supportydelser, som De anvender, udg\'f8r hele aftalen for softwaren og supportydelserne.\b\par
\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 G\'c6LDENDE LOVGIVNING.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 USA.  \b0 S\'e5fremt De har erhvervet softwaren i USA, er denne aftale underlagt lovgivningen i staten Washington, som g\'e6lder for misligholdelse af aftalen uanset principperne for lovkonflikter.  Lovene i den stat, hvor De er bosiddende, g\'e6lder for alle andre retskrav, herunder retskrav i henhold til statens forbrugerbeskyttelseslovgivning, love om illoyal konkurrence og for erstatning uden for kontrakt.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Uden for USA.  \b0 Hvis De har erhvervet softwaren i ethvert andet land, g\'e6lder lovgivningen i det p\'e5g\'e6ldende land.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 JURIDISK VIRKNING.  \b0 I denne aftale beskrives bestemte juridiske rettigheder.  De kan have andre rettigheder i henhold til lovgivningen i Deres eget land.  De kan ogs\'e5 have rettigheder i forhold til den part, som De har erhvervet softwaren hos.  Denne aftale tilsides\'e6tter ikke Deres rettigheder i henhold til lovgivningen i Deres eget land, hvis lovgivningen i Deres eget land ikke tillader en s\'e5dan tilsides\'e6ttelse.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 BEGR\'c6NSNING OG FRASKRIVELSE AF ERSTATNING.  De kan fra Microsoft og Microsofts leverand\'f8rer kun opn\'e5 erstatning for direkte tab op til det bel\'f8b, De har betalt for softwaren. De kan ikke f\'e5 d\'e6kket andre krav p\'e5 erstatning, herunder erstatning for f\'f8lgeskader, tabt fortjeneste, s\'e6rlige, indirekte eller h\'e6ndelige skader.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 Denne begr\'e6nsning g\'e6lder for\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 ethvert forhold vedr\'f8rende softwaren, tjenester, indhold (herunder kode) p\'e5 tredjeparts websteder eller tredjepartsprogrammer og\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 erstatningskrav for kontraktbrud, garantibrud eller manglende overholdelse af betingelser, objektivt ansvar, fors\'f8mmelse eller andre erstatningskrav uden for aftaleforholdet i overensstemmelse med g\'e6ldende lovgivning.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Begr\'e6nsningen g\'e6lder ogs\'e5, selvom\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 reparation, erstatning eller refundering af softwaren ikke yder fuld kompensation for eventuelle tab, eller\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Microsoft havde eller burde have haft kendskab til risikoen for tabene.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Nogle jurisdiktioner tillader ikke fraskrivelse eller begr\'e6nsning af ansvaret for h\'e6ndelige skader eller f\'f8lgeskader, hvorfor ovenn\'e6vnte begr\'e6nsning eller udelukkelse muligvis ikke g\'e6lder for Dem.  De g\'e6lder muligvis heller ikke for Dem, fordi der i Deres land ikke tillades udelukkelse eller begr\'e6nsning af ansvar for h\'e6ndelige skader, f\'f8lgeskader eller andre skader.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b BEGR\'c6NSET GARANTI\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab BEGR\'c6NSET GARANTI.\b0   Hvis De f\'f8lger instruktionerne, vil softwaren i v\'e6sentlig grad fungere som beskrevet i det Microsoft-materiale, De modtager i eller sammen med softwaren.\b\par
B.\tab VILK\'c5R FOR GARANTIEN, GARANTIMODTAGEREN OG VARIGHEDEN AF EVENTUELLE STILTIENDE GARANTIER.  DEN BEGR\'c6NSEDE GARANTI D\'c6KKER SOFTWAREN I 90 DAGE, EFTER DEN ER ANSKAFFET AF DEN F\'d8RSTE BRUGER.  HVIS DE MODTAGER TILL\'c6G, OPDATERINGER ELLER ERSTATNINGSSOFTWARE I L\'d8BET AF DENNE PERIODE, ER DE D\'c6KKET IND I DEN RESTERENDE GARANTIPERIODE ELLER MINDST 30 DAGE.\b0   Hvis den f\'f8rste bruger overdrager softwaren, g\'e6lder den resterende garantiperiode for modtageren.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 I DET OMFANG G\'c6LDENDE LOVGIVNING TILLADER DET, VIL ALLE STILTIENDE GARANTIER, GARANTIER ELLER BETINGELSER KUN V\'c6RE G\'c6LDENDE I DEN BEGR\'c6NSEDE GARANTIPERIODE.\b0   Visse jurisdiktioner tillader ingen begr\'e6nsninger for varigheden af en stiltiende garanti, og derfor g\'e6lder disse begr\'e6nsninger muligvis ikke for Dem.  De g\'e6lder muligvis heller ikke for Dem, fordi visse lande ikke tillader begr\'e6nsninger i varigheden af stiltiende garantier, garantier eller betingelser.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab UDELUKKELSER FRA GARANTI.\b0   N\'e6rv\'e6rende garanti d\'e6kker ikke problemer, som skyldes Deres handlinger (eller manglende handlinger), andres handlinger eller begivenheder, som med al rimelighed ligger uden for Microsofts kontrol.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   AFHJ\'c6LPNING VED GARANTIBRUD.  Microsoft reparerer eller erstatter softwaren vederlagsfrit.  Hvis Microsoft ikke kan reparere eller erstatte den, refunderer MICROSOFT bel\'f8bet p\'e5 Deres kvittering for softwaren.  Microsoft reparerer eller erstatter ogs\'e5 till\'e6g, opdateringer og erstatningssoftware vederlagsfrit.  Hvis Microsoft ikke kan reparere eller erstatte dem, refunderer Microsoft Deres eventuelle k\'f8bspris.  De skal afinstallere softwaren og returnere ethvert medie og andet tilknyttet materiale til Microsoft sammen med k\'f8bsbeviset for at f\'e5 refunderet bel\'f8bet.  Disse er Deres eneste muligheder for afhj\'e6lpning i tilf\'e6lde af brud p\'e5 den begr\'e6nsede garanti.\b0\par
\b E.   FORBRUGERRETTIGHEDER P\'c5VIRKES IKKE.  De kan have yderligere forbrugerrettigheder i henhold til g\'e6ldende lokal lovgivning, hvilket n\'e6rv\'e6rende aftale ikke kan \'e6ndre.\b0\par
\b F.   FORUDS\'c6TNINGER FOR GARANTIEN.  \b0 De skal freml\'e6gge k\'f8bsbevis for at f\'e5 garantiservice.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab USA og Canada.\b0   Hvis De \'f8nsker garantiservice eller oplysninger om refundering af prisen p\'e5 software, der er erhvervet i USA og Canada, bedes De kontakte Microsoft p\'e5:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 (800) MICROSOFT;\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7      \lang1033\f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 eller\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7      \lang1033\f0 bes\'f8ge \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 2.\tab Europa, Mellem\'f8sten og Afrika.  \b0 Hvis De har erhvervet softwaren i Europa, Mellem\'f8sten eller Afrika, st\'e5r Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited for n\'e6rv\'e6rende begr\'e6nsede garanti.  Hvis De \'f8nsker erstatning i henhold til n\'e6rv\'e6rende garanti, bedes De kontakte\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1024\b0\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Irland eller\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1030\f1\'b7      \f0 Den lokale Microsoft-associerede virksomhed i Deres land (se \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\b  \lang1033\b0 I Danmark skal De ringe p\'e5 telefon 44 89 01 00 eller se \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/danmark/\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab Uden for USA, Canada, Europa, Mellem\'f8sten og Afrika.  \b0 Hvis De har k\'f8bt softwaren uden for USA, Canada, Europa, Mellem\'f8sten eller Afrika, bedes De kontakte d\lang1030 en lokale Microsoft-associerede virksomhed i Deres land\lang1033  (se \cf1\lang1030\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\lang1033\ulnone ).\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab INGEN ANDRE GARANTIER.  Den begr\'e6nsede garanti er Microsofts eneste direkte garanti.  Microsoft stiller ingen andre udtrykkelige garantier, garantier eller betingelser.  Hvor det tillades af Deres lokale lovgivning, udelukker Microsoft stiltiende garantier for salgbarhed, egnethed til et bestemt form\'e5l og ikke-kr\'e6nkelse af immaterielle rettigheder.  \b0 Hvis Deres lokale lovgivning giver Dem stiltiende garantier, garantier eller betingelser, til trods for n\'e6rv\'e6rende udelukkelse, er Deres muligheder for afhj\'e6lpning beskrevet i afsnittet Afhj\'e6lpning ved garantibrud ovenfor, i det omfang det tillades af Deres lokale lovgivning.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 H.   BEGR\'c6NSNING OG UDELUKKELSE AF ERSTATNING FOR GARANTIBRUD.  Ovenst\'e5ende bestemmelse om begr\'e6nsning og udelukkelse af erstatning g\'e6lder for brud p\'e5 n\'e6rv\'e6rende begr\'e6nsede garanti\caps .\b0\caps0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b N\'e6rv\'e6rende begr\'e6nsede garanti giver Dem bestemte juridiske rettigheder, og De har muligvis andre rettigheder i Deres lokalomr\'e5de.  De kan ogs\'e5 have andre rettigheder, der g\'e6lder netop i Deres land.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\fs28 LICENSVILK\'c5R FOR MICROSOFT-SOFTWARESUPPLEMENT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C TIL MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1030\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (eller, afh\'e6ngigt af hvor De bor, et af dets associerede selskaber) licenserer dette supplement til Dem.  Hvis De har licens til at bruge Microsoft DirectX softwaren (\rdblquote softwaren\rdblquote ), m\'e5 De bruge dette supplement.  De m\'e5 ikke bruge dette supplement, hvis De ikke har licens til softwaren.  De m\'e5 bruge en kopi af dette supplement sammen med hver gyldigt licenseret kopi af softwaren.\par
F\'f8lgende licensvilk\'e5r beskriver\b  \b0 yderligere vilk\'e5r for dette supplement. \b  \b0 Disse vilk\'e5r og licensvilk\'e5rene for softwaren g\'e6lder for brug af dette supplement.  Hvis der er konflikt mellem disse, er det licensvilk\'e5rene til supplementet, der er g\'e6ldende.\b\par
Ved at tage supplementet i brug accepterer De disse vilk\'e5r.  S\'e5fremt De ikke kan acceptere vilk\'e5rene, har De ikke ret til at bruge supplementet.\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 Hvis De overholder disse licensvilk\'e5r, har De nedenst\'e5ende rettigheder\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2 1.   \lang1030\f0 SUPPORTTJENESTER TIL SUPPLEMENTET.  \b0\fs19 Microsoft yder support til softwaren, som det er beskrevet p\'e5\cf3\b\fs20  \cf1\ul\b0 www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone\fs19 .\b\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033\fs19\par
\par
\cf1\lang1043\b0\v [NORWEGIAN]\par
\cf0\lang1044\b\v0\fs28 LISENSVILK\'c5R FOR MICROSOFT-PROGRAMVARE\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \lang1044\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 Disse lisensvilk\'e5rene er en avtale mellom Microsoft Corporation (eller et av dets tilknyttede selskaper, avhengig av hvor du kj\'f8pte programvaren) og deg.  Les vilk\'e5rene n\'f8ye.  De gjelder ovennevnte programvare, som ogs\'e5 omfatter mediet den eventuelt ble levert p\'e5.  Vilk\'e5rene gjelder ogs\'e5 for Microsofts\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Oppdateringer \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Tillegg \par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Internett-baserte tjenester\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Brukerst\'f8tte\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 for denne programvaren, med mindre andre vilk\'e5r f\'f8lger med disse.  I s\'e5 fall gjelder de vilk\'e5rene.\par
\b Ved \'e5 ta i bruk programvaren aksepterer du at du godtar disse vilk\'e5rene.  Hvis du ikke godtar vilk\'e5rene, m\'e5 du ikke bruke programvaren.  Returner den til forhandleren og f\'e5 kj\'f8pesummen refundert eller kreditert.\b0   Hvis du ikke kan f\'e5 kj\'f8pesummen refundert der, kontakter du Microsoft for informasjon om Microsofts retningslinjer for refusjon.  Se \cf1\lang2068\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\lang1044\ulnone .  I Norge ringer du 22 02 25 00 eller g\'e5r til \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/norge/\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 S\'e5fremt du oppfyller denne avtalen, kan du gj\'f8re f\'f8lgende for hver lisens du anskaffer.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 OVERSIKT.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Programvare.  \b0 Programvaren omfatter f\'f8lgende: Programvare for arbeidsstasjoner.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Lisensmodell.  \b0 Programvaren lisensieres per eksemplar per enhet.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 INSTALLASJON OG BRUKERRETTIGHETER.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Lisensiert enhet.  \b0 Den lisensierte enheten er enheten du bruker programvaren p\'e5.  Du har rett til \'e5 installere og bruke ett eksemplar av programvaren p\'e5 den lisensierte enheten.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 YTTERLIGERE LISENSIERINGSKRAV OG/ELLER BRUKERRETTIGHETER.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 4.   \f0\fs19 INTERNETT-BASERTE TJENESTER. \b0  Microsoft tilbyr Internett-baserte tjenester med programvaren.  Disse kan endres eller annulleres n\'e5r som helst. \b\par
\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 LISENSENS RAMME.  \b0 Det gis lisens p\'e5 programvaren. Den selges ikke. Denne avtalen gir deg bare noen rettigheter til \'e5 bruke programvaren.  Microsoft forbeholder seg alle andre rettigheter.  Med mindre gjeldende lov gir deg flere rettigheter, til tross for denne restriksjonen, har du bare rett til \'e5 bruke programvaren slik det uttrykkelig er tillatt i henhold til denne avtalen.  Du m\'e5 overholde eventuelle tekniske begrensninger i programvaren som bare tillater at du bruker den p\'e5 bestemte m\'e5ter.  Hvis du vil ha mer informasjon, se \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone .  Du har ikke rett til \'e5 gj\'f8re f\'f8lgende:\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Omg\'e5 de tekniske begrensningene i programvaren\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Foreta omvendt utvikling ("reverse engineering"), dekompilere eller demontere programvaren, med mindre og bare i den grad dette er tillatt i henhold til gjeldende lov, til tross for denne begrensningen\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Lage flere eksemplarer av programvaren enn det som er spesifisert i denne avtalen eller tillatt i henhold til gjeldende lov, til tross for denne begrensningen\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Publisere programvaren slik at andre kan fremstille eksemplarer av den\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Leie ut, lease eller l\'e5ne bort programvaren\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Bruke programvaren til kommersielle vertstjenester\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 SIKKERHETSKOPI.  \b0 Du har rett til \'e5 lage \'e9n sikkerhetskopi av programvaren.  Den kan bare brukes til \'e5 installere programvaren p\'e5 nytt.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\caps\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 Dokumentasjon\caps0 .  \b0 Enhver person som har gyldig tilgang til datamaskinen eller det interne nettverket, har rett til \'e5 fremstille eksemplarer av og bruke dokumentasjonen for dine interne referanseform\'e5l.\b\par
\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 EKSPORTRESTRIKSJONER.  \b0 Programvaren er underlagt amerikanske eksportlover og -regler.  Du m\'e5 overholde alle nasjonale og internasjonale eksportlover og -regler som gjelder for programvaren.  Disse lovene omfatter restriksjoner p\'e5 bestemmelsessteder, sluttbrukere og sluttbruk.  Hvis du vil ha mer informasjon, se \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 BRUKERST\'d8TTE.  \b0 Microsoft tilbyr brukerst\'f8tte for programvaren, som beskrevet p\'e5 \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 HELE AVTALEN.  \b0 Denne avtalen (inkludert garantien nedenfor) og vilk\'e5rene for tillegg, oppgraderinger, Internett-baserte tjenester og brukerst\'f8tte du benytter deg av, utgj\'f8r hele avtalen for programvaren og brukerst\'f8tten.\b\par
\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 GJELDENDE LOV.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 USA.  \b0 Hvis du kj\'f8pte programvaren i USA, er denne avtalen underlagt lovene i delstaten Washington, og gjelder krav knyttet til avtalebrudd, uten hensyn til prinsipper om lovkonflikt.  Alle andre krav, herunder krav knyttet til delstatlige forbrukervernlover, urettferdige konkurranseregler og forvoldt skade, er underlagt lovene i den aktuelle delstaten.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Utenfor USA.  \b0 Hvis du kj\'f8pte programvaren i et annet land enn USA, gjelder nasjonal lov.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 RETTSVIRKNING.  \b0 Denne avtalen beskriver bestemte rettigheter.  Du kan ha andre rettigheter i henhold til gjeldende lov i din delstat eller ditt land.  Du kan ogs\'e5 ha rettigheter med hensyn til den parten du anskaffet programvaren fra.  Denne avtalen endrer ikke dine rettigheter i henhold til gjeldende lov i din delstat eller ditt land, hvis lovene i delstaten eller landet ikke tillater dette.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 FRASKRIVELSE OG BEGRENSNING AV ANSVAR FOR SKADER.  Microsoft eller dets leverand\'f8rer kan bare dekke direkte skader opptil det bel\'f8pet du betalte for programvaren. Du har ikke rett til \'e5 f\'e5 dekket andre skader, herunder f\'f8lgeskader, tap av fortjeneste eller spesielle, indirekte eller tilfeldige skader.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 Denne begrensningen gjelder f\'f8lgende:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Alle forhold relatert til programvaren, tjenester, innhold (inkludert kode) p\'e5 tredjeparts webomr\'e5der eller tredjeparts programmer\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Krav knyttet til kontraktsbrudd, garantibrudd, garanti eller bestemmelser, objektivt ansvar, uaktsomhet eller annet subjektivt ansvar i den grad dette er tillatt i henhold til gjeldende lov\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Begrensningen gjelder ogs\'e5 hvis f\'f8lgende er tilfellet:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Reparasjon, erstatning eller refusjon ikke gir deg full kompensasjon for eventuelle tap\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft visste, eller burde ha visst, om risikoen for skadene\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Ettersom enkelte delstater ikke tillater fraskrivelse eller begrensning av ansvar for tilfeldige skader eller f\'f8lgeskader, kan det hende at ovennevnte fraskrivelse eller begrensning ikke gjelder for deg.  Det kan ogs\'e5 hende at de ikke gjelder for deg fordi noen land ikke tillater fraskrivelse eller begrensning av ansvar for tilfeldige skader, f\'f8lgeskader eller andre skader.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b BEGRENSET GARANTI\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab BEGRENSET GARANTI.\b0   Hvis du f\'f8lger instruksjonene, vil programvaren i det vesentlige fungere som beskrevet i Microsoft-dokumentasjonen som f\'f8lger med programvaren.\b\par
B.\tab GARANTIVILK\'c5R, GARANTIMOTTAKER, VARIGHET FOR STILLTIENDE GARANTIER.  DEN BEGRENSEDE GARANTIEN DEKKER PROGRAMVAREN I 90 DAGER FRA DEN F\'d8RSTE BRUKEREN ANSKAFFET DEN.  HVIS DU MOTTAR TILLEGG, OPPGRADERINGER ELLER ERSTATNINGSPROGRAMVARE I L\'d8PET AV DEN PERIODEN, VIL DISSE V\'c6RE DEKKET I DEN GJENV\'c6RENDE DELEN AV GARANTIPERIODEN ELLER I 30 DAGER, AVHENGIG AV HVILKEN PERIODE SOM ER LENGST.\b0   Hvis den f\'f8rste brukeren overf\'f8rer programvaren, vil den gjenv\'e6rende delen av garantiperioden gjelde for mottakeren.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 I DEN GRAD IKKE ANNET F\'d8LGER AV GJELDENDE LOV, ER EVENTUELLE STILLTIENDE GARANTIER ELLER BESTEMMELSER BEGRENSET TIL GARANTIPERIODEN.\b0   Ettersom enkelte delstater ikke tillater begrensninger p\'e5 varigheten av stilltiende garantier, kan det hende at disse begrensninger ikke gjelder for deg.  Det kan ogs\'e5 hende at de ikke gjelder for deg fordi noen land ikke tillater begrensninger p\'e5 varigheten av stilltiende garantier eller bestemmelser.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab GARANTIFRASKRIVELSE.\b0   Denne garantien dekker ikke problemer som skyldes dine handlinger (eller mangel p\'e5 handlinger), andres handlinger eller forhold som ligger utenfor Microsofts kontroll.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   RETTIGHETER I FORBINDELSE MED BRUDD P\'c5 GARANTIEN.  Microsoft vil reparere eller erstatte programvaren kostnadsfritt.  Hvis Microsoft ikke kan reparere eller erstatte den, vil Microsoft refundere det bel\'f8pet som er angitt p\'e5 kj\'f8pskvitteringen for programvaren.  Microsoft vil ogs\'e5 reparere eller erstatte tillegg, oppgraderinger og erstatningsprogramvare kostnadsfritt.  Hvis Microsoft ikke kan reparere eller erstatte dem, vil Microsoft refundere det bel\'f8pet du eventuelt har betalt for dem.  Du m\'e5 avinstallere programvaren og returnere eventuelle medier og annet tilknyttet materiale til Microsoft sammen med kj\'f8psbevis for \'e5 f\'e5 kj\'f8pesummen refundert.  Dette er dine eneste rettigheter i forbindelse med brudd p\'e5 den begrensede garantien.\b0\par
\b E.   FORBRUKERRETTIGHETER BER\'d8RES IKKE.  Du kan ha ytterligere forbrukerrettigheter i henhold til lokale lover, som denne avtalen ikke kan endre.\b0\par
\b F.   GARANTIPROSEDYRER.  \b0 Du m\'e5 fremlegge kj\'f8psbevis for \'e5 v\'e6re berettiget til garantiservice.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab USA og Canada.\b0   Hvis du vil ha informasjon om garantiservice eller hvordan du f\'e5r refundert kj\'f8pesummen for programvare du har kj\'f8pt i USA eller Canada, kontakter du Microsoft p\'e5: \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f1\'b7      \f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA\par
\cf1\f1\'b7      \ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 2.\tab Europa, Midt\'f8sten og Afrika.  \b0 Hvis du kj\'f8pte programvaren i Europa, Midt\'f8sten eller Afrika, utstedes denne begrensede garantien av Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited.  \lang1044 Hvis du vil fremsette et krav i henhold til denne garantien, kontakter du en av f\'f8lgende: \b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1033\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1044\f1\'b7      \f0 Ditt lokale Microsoft-kontor (se \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). I Norge ringer du 22 02 25 00 eller g\'e5r til \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/norge/\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1030\b 3.\tab Utenfor USA, Canada, Europa, Midt\'f8sten og Afrika.  \lang1044\b0 Hvis du kj\'f8pte programvaren utenfor USA, Canada, Europa, Midt\'f8sten og Afrika, kontakter du ditt lokale Microsoft-kontor (se \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). \b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab INGEN ANDRE GARANTIER.  Den begrensede garantien er den eneste direkte garantien fra Microsoft.  Microsoft gir ingen andre uttrykkelige garantier eller bestemmelser.  I den grad ikke annet f\'f8lger av lokale lover, fraskriver Microsoft seg stilltiende garantier om salgbarhet, anvendelighet for s\'e6rskilte form\'e5l og krenkelse av tredjeparts rettigheter.  \b0 Hvis lokale lover gir stilltiende garantier eller bestemmelser, til tross for denne fraskrivelsen, er dine rettigheter som beskrevet i klausulen "Rettigheter i forbindelse med brudd p\'e5 garantien" ovenfor, i den grad ikke annet f\'f8lger av lokale lover.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 H.   FRASKRIVELSE OG BEGRENSNING AV ANSVAR FOR SKADER.  Klausulen "Fraskrivelse og begrensning av ansvar for skader" ovenfor gjelder for brudd p\'e5 denne begrensede garantien.\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Denne garantien gir deg spesifikke rettigheter, og du kan ogs\'e5 ha andre rettigheter som varierer fra delstat til delstat.  Du kan ogs\'e5 ha andre rettigheter som varierer fra land til land.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1033\fs28 LISENSVILK\'c5R FOR MICROSOFT-PROGRAMVARETILLEGG\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C FOR MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1044\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (eller basert p\'e5 hvor du bor, et av dets lokalkontorer) lisensierer dette tillegget til deg.  Hvis du har lisens for \'e5 bruke Microsoft \lang2068 DirectX\lang1044  -programvare ("programvaren"), kan du bruke dette tillegget.  Du har ikke rett til \'e5 bruke det hvis du ikke har lisens for programvaren.  Du har rett til \'e5 bruke et eksemplar av dette tillegget med hvert gyldig lisensierte eksemplar av programvaren.\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 Lisensvilk\'e5rene nedenfor beskriver\b  \b0 ytterligere bruksvilk\'e5r for dette tillegget.\b   \b0 Disse vilk\'e5rene og lisensvilk\'e5rene for programvaren gjelder for din bruk av tillegget.  I tilfelle konflikt er det disse tilleggsvilk\'e5rene som gjelder.  \par
\b Ved \'e5 ta i bruk tillegget aksepterer du at du godtar disse vilk\'e5rene.  Hvis du ikke godtar vilk\'e5rene, m\'e5 du ikke bruke tillegget.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 S\'e5fremt du oppfyller disse lisensvilk\'e5rene, har du f\'f8lgende rettigheter.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2 1.   \lang1044\f0 ST\'d8TTETJENESTER FOR TILLEGG.  \b0 Microsoft tilbyr brukerst\'f8tte for programvaren, som beskrevet p\'e5 \cf1\lang2068\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\lang1044\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\fs19\par
\lang1033\b0\par
\cf1\lang1043\v [SWEDISH]\par
\cf0\lang1053\b\v0\fs28 LICENSVILLKOR F\'d6R PROGRAMVARA FR\'c5N MICROSOFT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \lang1053\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 Dessa licensvillkor utg\'f6r ett avtal mellan Microsoft Corporation (eller beroende p\'e5 var du bor, ett av dess koncernbolag) och dig. L\'e4s dem noga. Villkoren g\'e4ller f\'f6r ovanst\'e5ende programvara och omfattar alla eventuella media som programvaran levereras p\'e5. Villkoren g\'e4ller \'e4ven f\'f6ljande produkter och tj\'e4nster fr\'e5n Microsoft:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 uppdateringar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 till\'e4gg\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Internetbaserade tj\'e4nster\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 supporttj\'e4nster\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 avseende denna programvara om inga andra villkor medf\'f6ljer dessa produkter eller tj\'e4nster. I s\'e5dant fall g\'e4ller de medf\'f6ljande villkoren.\par
\b Genom att anv\'e4nda programvaran accepterar du villkoren i licensavtalet. Om du inte accepterar villkoren har du inte r\'e4tt att anv\'e4nda programvaran. Du m\'e5ste i s\'e5dant fall returnera den till ink\'f6psst\'e4llet f\'f6r \'e5terbetalning av k\'f6peskillingen eller erh\'e5llande av motsvarande kreditering.\b0  Om du inte kan f\'e5 pengarna tillbaka vid ink\'f6psst\'e4llet, kan du kontakta Microsoft eller ditt lokala Microsoftbolag f\'f6r att f\'e5 information om Microsofts \'e5terbetalningsregler. Bes\'f6k \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone . Bes\'f6k den svenska webbplatsen \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/sverige\cf0\ulnone  eller ring 08-752 56 00 om du bor i Sverige.\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 F\'f6rutsatt att du uppfyller dessa licensvillkor har du nedanst\'e5ende r\'e4ttigheter f\'f6r varje licens du f\'f6rv\'e4rvar.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19\'d6VERSIKT.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Programvara. \b0 Programvaran omfattar desktopapplikationsprogramvara.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensieringsmodeller. \b0 Programvaran licensieras per exemplar per enhet.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 INSTALLATION OCH ANV\'c4NDNINGSR\'c4TTIGHETER.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensierad enhet. \b0 En licensierad enhet \'e4r den enhet p\'e5 vilken du anv\'e4nder programvaran. Du f\'e5r installera och anv\'e4nda ett exemplar av programvaran p\'e5 den licensierade enheten.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 YTTERLIGARE LICENSKRAV OCH/ELLER ANV\'c4NDNINGSR\'c4TTIGHETER.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 4.   \f0\fs19 INTERNETBASERADE TJ\'c4NSTER. \b0 Microsoft tillhandah\'e5ller Internetbaserade tj\'e4nster f\'f6r programvaran. De kan \'e4ndras eller avbrytas n\'e4r som helst.\b\par
\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 LICENSENS OMFATTNING. \b0 Programvaran s\'e4ljs inte, den licensieras. Detta avtal ger dig endast vissa r\'e4ttigheter att anv\'e4nda programvaran. Microsoft f\'f6rbeh\'e5ller sig alla \'f6vriga r\'e4ttigheter. Om inte tvingande lag trots denna begr\'e4nsning beviljar dig st\'f6rre r\'e4ttigheter f\'e5r du endast anv\'e4nda programvaran p\'e5 det s\'e4tt som uttryckligen anges i detta avtal. Du m\'e5ste d\'e5 f\'f6lja alla tekniska begr\'e4nsningarna i programvaran som endast till\'e5ter att du anv\'e4nder den p\'e5 ett visst s\'e4tt. Mer information finns p\'e5 \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone . Du har inte r\'e4tt att\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 kringg\'e5 n\'e5gon av programvarans tekniska begr\'e4nsningar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 utf\'f6ra reverse engineering p\'e5, dekompilera eller ta is\'e4r koden f\'f6r programvaran, f\'f6rutom i den utstr\'e4ckning detta \'e4r uttryckligen till\'e5tet enligt till\'e4mplig lag\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 framst\'e4lla fler kopior av programvaran \'e4n vad som specifikt anges i detta avtal eller som trots denna begr\'e4nsning till\'e5ts enligt till\'e4mplig lag\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 r\'f6ja programvaran s\'e5 att den kan kopieras av andra\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 hyra ut, leasa eller l\'e5na ut programvaran, eller\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 anv\'e4nda programvaran i kommersiella hostingtj\'e4nster.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 S\'c4KERHETSKOPIERING. \b0 Du f\'e5r skapa en s\'e4kerhetskopia av programvaran. Du f\'e5r endast anv\'e4nda den f\'f6r att installera om programvaran.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 DOKUMENTATION. \b0 Varje person med \'e5tkomst till en dator som tillh\'f6r dig eller till ditt interna n\'e4tverk f\'e5r kopiera och anv\'e4nda dokumentationen f\'f6r internt, icke-kommersiellt bruk.\b\par
\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 EXPORTRESTRIKTIONER. \b0 Amerikansk exportlagstiftning g\'e4ller f\'f6r programvaran. Du m\'e5ste f\'f6lja all inhemsk och internationell exportlagstiftning som g\'e4ller f\'f6r programvaran. S\'e5dan lagstiftning inneh\'e5ller restriktioner avseende destination, slutanv\'e4ndare och slutanv\'e4ndning. Mer information finns \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 SUPPORTTJ\'c4NSTER. \b0 Microsoft tillhandah\'e5ller supporttj\'e4nster f\'f6r den programvara som finns beskriven p\'e5 \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 AVTALET I DESS HELHET. \b0 Detta avtal (inklusive garantin nedan) samt villkoren f\'f6r till\'e4gg, uppdateringar, Internetbaserade tj\'e4nster och supporttj\'e4nster som du anv\'e4nder utg\'f6r hela avtalet f\'f6r programvaran och supporttj\'e4nsterna.\b\par
\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 TVINGANDE LAG.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 USA. \b0 Om du har f\'f6rv\'e4rvat programvaran i USA skall den amerikanska delstaten Washingtons lagar g\'e4lla f\'f6r tolkningen av avtalet och anspr\'e5k vid brott mot avtalet, oavsett lagvalsprinciper. Lagarna i den stat d\'e4r du bor reglerar \'f6vriga anspr\'e5k, inklusive anspr\'e5k som \'e5beropas enligt konsumentskyddslagstiftning, konkurrensr\'e4ttsliga lagar och handlingar som ger r\'e4tt till utomobligatoriskt skadest\'e5ndsansvar.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Utanf\'f6r USA. \b0 Om du har f\'f6rv\'e4rvat programvaran i n\'e5got annat land g\'e4ller lagarna i det landet.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 LEGALA P\'c5F\'d6LJDER. \b0 Vissa legala r\'e4ttigheter beskrivs i detta avtal. Du kan ha andra r\'e4ttigheter enligt g\'e4llande r\'e4tt i ditt land. Du kan \'e4ven ha r\'e4ttigheter i f\'f6rh\'e5llande till den part som du f\'f6rv\'e4rvade programvaran ifr\'e5n. Detta avtal f\'f6r\'e4ndrar inte dina r\'e4ttigheter enligt lagstiftningen i ditt land om lagarna i ditt land inte till\'e5ter det.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 BEGR\'c4NSNING AV OCH FRISKRIVNING FR\'c5N ANSVAR F\'d6R SKADOR. Du kan endast f\'e5 ers\'e4ttning fr\'e5n Microsoft och dess leverant\'f6rer f\'f6r direkta skador upp till det belopp som du faktiskt betalade f\'f6r programvaran. Du f\'e5r inte ers\'e4ttning f\'f6r andra skador, inklusive f\'f6ljdskador, utebliven vinst, of\'f6rutsedda skador eller indirekta skador.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 Denna begr\'e4nsning g\'e4ller f\'f6r\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 allt som \'e4r relaterat till programvaran, tj\'e4nster, inneh\'e5ll (inklusive kod) p\'e5 tredje parts webbsidor eller tredje parts program\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 anspr\'e5k med avseende p\'e5 kontraktsbrott, brott mot garantin, utf\'e4stelser eller villkor, strikt ansvar, skada orsakad av v\'e5rdsl\'f6shet eller andra handlingar som ger r\'e4tt till utomobligatoriskt skadest\'e5ndsansvar i den utstr\'e4ckning som f\'f6ljer av till\'e4mplig lag.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Den g\'e4ller \'e4ven om\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 reparation, ers\'e4ttningsvara eller \'e5terbetalning f\'f6r programvara inte helt kompenserar dig f\'f6r de f\'f6rluster du har lidit, eller\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft k\'e4nde till eller borde ha k\'e4nt till risken f\'f6r s\'e5dan skada.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Eftersom lagstiftningen i vissa stater inte till\'e5ter friskrivningar fr\'e5n eller begr\'e4nsningar av ansvar f\'f6r f\'f6ljdskador eller indirekta skador, \'e4r det inte s\'e4kert att ovanst\'e5ende begr\'e4nsning g\'e4ller f\'f6r dig. En annan orsak till att friskrivningen eller begr\'e4nsningen inte g\'e4ller f\'f6r dig kan vara att s\'e5dana friskrivningar eller begr\'e4nsningar vid f\'f6ljdskador, indirekta skador eller andra skador inte till\'e5ts i ditt land.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b BEGR\'c4NSAD GARANTI\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab BEGR\'c4NSAD GARANTI.\b0  Om du f\'f6ljer instruktionerna kommer programvaran i allt v\'e4sentligt att fungera p\'e5 det s\'e4tt som beskrivs i Microsofts material som ing\'e5r i eller medf\'f6ljer programvaran.\b\par
B.\tab GARANTITID, GARANTIMOTTAGARE, VARAKTIGHET F\'d6R ALLA UNDERF\'d6RST\'c5DDA GARANTIER. DEN BEGR\'c4NSADE GARANTIN G\'c4LLER F\'d6R PROGRAMVARAN UNDER 90 DAGAR EFTER DET ATT DEN F\'d6RSTA ANV\'c4NDAREN F\'d6RV\'c4RVADE PROGRAMVARAN. \caps Garantin omfattar \'e4ven till\'e4gg, uppdateringar eller ers\'e4ttningsprogramvara f\'f6rv\'e4rvade under denna period under \'e5terstoden av garantitiden eller 30 dagar, beroende p\'e5 vilket som \'e4r l\'e4ngst.\b0\caps0  Om den f\'f6rsta anv\'e4ndaren \'f6verf\'f6r programvaran g\'e4ller \'e5terstoden av garantitiden f\'f6r den nya anv\'e4ndaren.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\caps I den utstr\'e4ckning lagen till\'e5ter g\'e4ller alla underf\'f6rst\'e5dda garantier, utf\'e4stelser och villkor endast under garantitiden.\b0\caps0  Vissa stater till\'e5ter inte att giltighetstiden f\'f6r underf\'f6rst\'e5dda garantier begr\'e4nsas. I s\'e5dana fall g\'e4ller inte dessa begr\'e4nsningar dig. De kan ocks\'e5 vara ogiltiga i f\'f6rh\'e5llande till dig d\'e4rf\'f6r att vissa l\'e4nder inte till\'e5ter begr\'e4nsningar i varaktigheten f\'f6r den underf\'f6rst\'e5dda garantin, utf\'e4stelsen eller villkoret.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab FRISKRIVNING FR\'c5N GARANTIN.\b0  Denna garanti t\'e4cker inte problem som orsakats av ditt eget handlande (eller brist p\'e5 handlande), andras handlande eller h\'e4ndelser som sk\'e4ligen ligger utanf\'f6r Microsofts kontroll.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   P\'c5F\'d6LJD F\'d6R BROTT MOT GARANTIN. Microsoft reparerar eller ers\'e4tter programvaran utan kostnad. Om Microsoft inte kan reparera eller ers\'e4tta den \'e5terbetalar Microsoft det belopp som anges p\'e5 ink\'f6pskvittot f\'f6r programvaran. Microsoft reparerar eller ers\'e4tter \'e4ven till\'e4gg, uppdateringar och ers\'e4ttningsprogramvara utan kostnad. Om Microsoft inte kan reparera eller ers\'e4tta dem \'e5terbetalar Microsoft det ink\'f6psbelopp du eventuellt betalade f\'f6r dem. F\'f6r att f\'e5 pengarna tillbaka m\'e5ste du avinstallera programvaran och returnera alla media och annat tillh\'f6rande material till Microsoft samt bifoga ink\'f6pskvittot. Ovanst\'e5ende utg\'f6r dina enda r\'e4ttigheter till p\'e5f\'f6ljd vid brott mot garantin.\par
E.   KONSUMENTR\'c4TTEN P\'c5VERKAS INTE. Du kan ha ytterligare r\'e4ttigheter som konsument enligt till\'e4mplig lagstiftning vilket detta avtal inte kan \'e4ndra.\par
F.   GARANTIPROCEDURER. \b0 Du m\'e5ste kunna uppvisa ink\'f6pskvittot f\'f6r att utnyttja garantin.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab USA och Kanada.\b0  F\'f6r garantiservice och information om hur du g\'f6r f\'f6r att f\'e5 pengarna tillbaka f\'f6r programvara som har f\'f6rv\'e4rvats i USA och Kanada kontaktar du Microsoft p\'e5\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1033\f1\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7      \f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 eller\par
\lang1053\f1\'b7      \f0 bes\'f6k \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 2.\tab Europa, Mellan\'f6stern och Afrika. \b0 Om du har f\'f6rv\'e4rvat programvaran i Europa, Mellan\'f6stern eller Afrika ansvarar Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd f\'f6r den begr\'e4nsade garantin. \lang1035 F\'f6r eventuella anspr\'e5k g\'e4llande denna garanti kontaktar du\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Irland eller\par
\lang1053\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsofts koncernbolag i ditt land (se \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). Bes\'f6k den svenska webbplatsen\b  \cf1\ul\b0 www.microsoft.com/sverige\cf0\ulnone , eller ring 08-752 56 00, om du bor i Sverige.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab Utanf\'f6r USA, Kanada, Europa, Mellan\'f6stern och Afrika. \b0 Om du har f\'f6rv\'e4rvat programvaran utanf\'f6r USA, Kanada, Europa, Mellan\'f6stern och Afrika kontaktar du Microsofts koncernbolag f\'f6r ditt land (bes\'f6k \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab INGA ANDRA GARANTIER. Den begr\'e4nsade garantin \'e4r den enda direkta garanti som Microsoft l\'e4mnar. Microsoft l\'e4mnar inga andra utf\'e4stelser eller villkor. I den utstr\'e4ckning till\'e4mplig lag medger det friskriver sig Microsoft fr\'e5n alla underf\'f6rst\'e5dda garantier f\'f6r allm\'e4n l\'e4mplighet, l\'e4mplighet f\'f6r ett s\'e4rskilt \'e4ndam\'e5l och fr\'e5nvaro av intr\'e5ng i tredje mans r\'e4ttigheter. \b0 Om lokal lagstiftning ber\'e4ttigar dig till underf\'f6rst\'e5dda garantier, garantier eller villkor, trots detta undantag, anges den p\'e5f\'f6ljd du kan f\'f6rv\'e4nta dig i paragrafen P\'e5f\'f6ljd f\'f6r brott mot garantin, i den utstr\'e4ckning till\'e4mplig lag medger det.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 H.   BEGR\'c4NSNING AV OCH FRISKRIVNING FR\'c5N ANSVAR F\'d6R SKADOR TILL F\'d6LJD AV BROTT MOT GARANTIN. Paragrafen Begr\'e4nsning av och friskrivning fr\'e5n ansvar f\'f6r skador, ovan, g\'e4ller f\'f6r brott mot den begr\'e4nsade garantin\caps .\caps0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Denna garanti ger dig angivna legala r\'e4ttigheter och du kan ocks\'e5 ha andra r\'e4ttigheter som varierar beroende p\'e5 stat. Du kan ocks\'e5 ha andra r\'e4ttigheter som varierar beroende p\'e5 land.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\fs28 LICENSVILLKOR F\'d6R PROGRAMVARUTILL\'c4GG FR\'c5N MICROSOFT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C F\'d6R MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (eller beroende p\'e5 var du bor, ett av dess koncernbolag) licensierar detta till\'e4gg till dig.  Om du innehar licens f\'f6r Microsoft DirectX programvaran (\rdblquote programvaran\rdblquote ), f\'e5r du anv\'e4nda detta till\'e4gg.  Du f\'e5r inte anv\'e4nda det, om du inte har n\'e5gon licens f\'f6r programvaran.  Du f\'e5r anv\'e4nda ett exemplar av till\'e4gget med varje licensierat exemplar av programvaran.\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 I f\'f6ljande licensvillkor beskrivs ytterligare villkor f\'f6r anv\'e4ndning av till\'e4gget.  Dessa villkor och licensvillkoren f\'f6r programvaran g\'e4ller f\'f6r din anv\'e4ndning av till\'e4gget.  Om dessa st\'e5r i konflikt med varandra, g\'e4ller licensvillkoren f\'f6r till\'e4gget.  \par
\b Genom att anv\'e4nda till\'e4gget accepterar du villkoren i licensavtalet.  Om du inte accepterar dem, har du inte r\'e4tt att anv\'e4nda till\'e4gget.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 Om du uppfyller licensvillkoren har du f\'f6ljande r\'e4ttigheter.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2 1.   \lang1053\f0 SUPPORTTJ\'c4NSTER F\'d6R TILL\'c4GGET.  \b0 Microsoft tillhandah\'e5ller supporttj\'e4nster f\'f6r programvaran enligt beskrivningen p\'e5 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs20 .\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\fs19\par
\par
\cf1\lang1043\b0\v [FINNISH]\par
\cf0\lang1035\b\v0\fs28 MICROSOFT-OHJELMISTON K\'c4YTT\'d6OIKEUSSOPIMUKSEN EHDOT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \lang1035\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 N\'e4m\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeussopimuksen ehdot ovat sopimus asiakkaan ja Microsoft Corporationin (tai ohjelmiston hankintapaikan mukaan m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ytyv\'e4n Microsoft Corporationin tyt\'e4ryhti\'f6n) v\'e4lill\'e4. Lue ehdot huolellisesti. Ehdot koskevat yll\'e4 nimetty\'e4 ohjelmistoa sek\'e4 asennusmedioita, joilla ohjelmisto on toimitettu. Ehdot koskevat my\'f6s Microsoftin ohjelmistoon liittyvi\'e4:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 p\'e4ivityksi\'e4,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 t\'e4ydennyksi\'e4,\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Internet-pohjaisia palveluja ja\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 tukipalveluja,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 jos niill\'e4 ei ole erillisi\'e4 omia k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeussopimuksiaan. Mahdolliset erilliset k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeussopimukset menev\'e4t t\'e4m\'e4n dokumentin ehtojen edelle.\par
\b Ottamalla ohjelmiston k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n asiakas hyv\'e4ksyy t\'e4m\'e4n k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeussopimuksen ehdot. Mik\'e4li asiakas ei hyv\'e4ksy t\'e4h\'e4n kirjattuja ehtoja, ei ohjelmistoa tule ottaa lainkaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vaan palauttaa se sen myyneelle j\'e4lleenmyyj\'e4lle hyvityst\'e4 vastaan.\b0  Jos hyvityksen saaminen j\'e4lleenmyyj\'e4lt\'e4 ei ole mahdollista, asiakas voi ottaa yhteytt\'e4 Microsoftin Suomen tyt\'e4ryhti\'f6\'f6n Microsoftin hyvitysk\'e4yt\'e4nt\'f6ihin liittyviss\'e4 asioissa. Lis\'e4tietoja asiaan liittyen l\'f6ytyy osoitteesta \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone . Lis\'e4tietoja saa my\'f6s numerosta 358 9 525 501 tai k\'e4ym\'e4ll\'e4 osoitteessa \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/FINLAND/default.mspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Mik\'e4li asiakas hyv\'e4ksyy t\'e4m\'e4n k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeussopimuksen ehdot, h\'e4nell\'e4 on alla mainitut oikeudet jokaiseen k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeuksiin, jotka h\'e4n hankkii.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 YLEIST\'c4.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Ohjelmisto. \b0 Ohjelmisto sis\'e4lt\'e4\'e4 ty\'f6aseman sovellusohjelmiston.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 K\'e4ytt\'f6oikeusmalli. \b0 T\'e4m\'e4n ohjelmiston k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeus my\'f6nnet\'e4\'e4n yhdelle laitekohtaiselle ohjelmistokopiolle.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 ASENNUS- JA K\'c4YTT\'d6OIKEUDET.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 K\'e4ytt\'f6oikeuden alainen laite. \b0 K\'e4ytt\'f6oikeuden alainen laite on laite, jolla asiakas k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ohjelmistoa. Asiakas saa asentaa k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeuden alaiseen laitteeseen yhden ohjelmiston kopion ja k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 sit\'e4.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 K\'c4YTT\'d6OIKEUDEN LIS\'c4VAATIMUKSET JA/TAI LIS\'c4OIKEUDET.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs19 INTERNETIN KAUTTA TARJOTTAVAT PALVELUT. \b0 Microsoft tarjoaa joidenkin tuotteiden mukana Internetin kautta toimitettavia palveluita. N\'e4it\'e4 palveluita voidaan muuttaa tai ne voidaan peruuttaa koska tahansa.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 K\'c4YTT\'d6OIKEUSSOPIMUKSEN LAAJUUS. \b0 Ohjelmistoa ei myyd\'e4, vaan siihen my\'f6nnet\'e4\'e4n k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeus. T\'e4m\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeussopimus antaa asiakkaalle oikeuden k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ohjelmistoa tietyin rajoituksin. Microsoft pid\'e4tt\'e4\'e4 itsell\'e4\'e4n kaikki muut oikeudet. Ohjelmistoa saa k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 vain t\'e4ss\'e4 sopimuksessa nimenomaisesti mainituin tavoin, mik\'e4li paikallinen lains\'e4\'e4d\'e4nt\'f6 ei salli k\'e4ytt\'e4j\'e4lle muita oikeuksia. K\'e4ytt\'e4j\'e4n on noudatettava ohjelmistoon kuuluvia mahdollisia teknisi\'e4 rajoituksia, joiden vuoksi ohjelmistoa voi k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 vain tietyll\'e4 tavalla. Lis\'e4tietoja l\'f6ytyy osoitteesta \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone . Asiakas ei saa\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 kiert\'e4\'e4 ohjelmiston teknisi\'e4 rajoituksia\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 perusteellisesti tutkia ohjelmiston valmistustapaa tai purkaa tai hajottaa ohjelmistoa, paitsi t\'e4st\'e4 rajoituksesta huolimatta sovellettavan lain nimenomaisesti sallimassa m\'e4\'e4rin\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 tehd\'e4 ohjelmistosta enempi\'e4 kopioita kuin mit\'e4 t\'e4ss\'e4 sopimuksessa m\'e4\'e4ritet\'e4\'e4n tai kuin t\'e4st\'e4 rajoituksesta huolimatta sovellettava laki m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 julkaista ohjelmistoa muiden kopioitavaksi\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 vuokrata tai lainata ohjelmistoa\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ohjelmistoa kaupallisten k\'e4ytt\'f6palvelujen tuottamiseen kolmansille osapuolille.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 VARMUUSKOPIO. \b0 Sovelluksesta saa tehd\'e4 yhden varmuuskopion, jota saa k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ainoastaan ohjelmiston uudelleenasentamiseksi.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 DOKUMENTAATIO. \b0 Jokainen henkil\'f6, jolla on lupa k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 asiakasyrityksen tietokonetta tai sis\'e4ist\'e4 verkkoa, saa kopioida dokumentaation ja hy\'f6dynt\'e4\'e4 sit\'e4 yrityksen sis\'e4isess\'e4 k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4.\b\par
\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 VIENTIRAJOITUKSET. \b0 T\'e4m\'e4 ohjelmisto kuuluu Yhdysvaltain vienti\'e4 koskevien lakien ja s\'e4\'e4nn\'f6sten piiriin. Asiakkaan on noudatettava kaikkia ohjelmistoa koskevia paikallisia ja kansainv\'e4lisi\'e4 vientilakeja ja -s\'e4\'e4nn\'f6ksi\'e4. N\'e4m\'e4 lait sis\'e4lt\'e4v\'e4t kohdemaita, loppuk\'e4ytt\'e4ji\'e4 ja loppuk\'e4ytt\'f6\'e4 koskevia rajoituksia. Lis\'e4tietoja l\'f6ytyy osoitteesta \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 TUKIPALVELUT. \b0 Microsoftin t\'e4h\'e4n ohjelmistoon liittyv\'e4t tukipalvelut ovat osoitteessa \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone  kuvatun mukaiset.\b\par
\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 KOKO SOPIMUS. \b0 T\'e4m\'e4 sopimus (mukaan lukien j\'e4ljemp\'e4n\'e4 oleva takuulauseke) sek\'e4 ehdot t\'e4ydennysten, p\'e4ivitysten, Internetin kautta toimitettavien palveluiden ja asiakkaan k\'e4ytt\'e4mien tukipalvelujen toimittamiseen muodostavat ohjelmiston k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeus- sek\'e4 tukipalvelusopimuksen kokonaisuudessaan.\b\par
\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 SOVELLETTAVA LAKI.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Yhdysvallat. \b0 Jos asiakas hankkii ohjelmiston Yhdysvalloissa, t\'e4t\'e4 sopimusta ja v\'e4itteit\'e4 siihen liittyvist\'e4 rikkomuksista tulkitaan Washingtonin osavaltion lakien mukaan huolimatta kesken\'e4\'e4n ristiriitaisten lakien tulkintaa koskevista periaatteista. Asiakkaan kotiosavaltion lakeja sovelletaan kaikkiin muihin vaateisiin, mukaan lukien vaateisiin, jotka perustuvat osavaltion kuluttajansuojalakeihin, kilpailua koskeviin lakeihin tai oikeudenvastaiseen tekoon.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Yhdysvaltain ulkopuoliset maat. \b0 Jos asiakas hankkii ohjelmiston jossakin muussa maassa kuin Yhdysvalloissa, sovelletaan asiakkaan kotimaan lakeja.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 OIKEUDELLINEN VAIKUTUS. \b0 T\'e4ss\'e4 sopimuksessa kuvataan tiettyj\'e4 laillisia oikeuksia. Asiakkaalla voi olla my\'f6s muita paikallisten lakien mukaisia oikeuksia. Asiakkaalla voi niinik\'e4\'e4n olla oikeuksia, jotka liittyv\'e4t ohjelmiston myyneeseen tahoon. T\'e4m\'e4 sopimus ei muuta paikallisten lakien mukaisia asiakkaan oikeuksia, jos paikallinen laki ei t\'e4t\'e4 salli.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 VAHINGONKORVAUSVASTUUN RAJOITUS JA POISSULKEMINEN. Asiakkaan Microsoftilta ja sen toimittajilta saaman vahingonkorvauksen m\'e4\'e4r\'e4 ei voi ylitt\'e4\'e4 asiakkaan ohjelmistosta maksamaa hintaa. Asiakkaalla ei ole oikeuksia muihin vahingonkorvauksiin huolimatta siit\'e4, ovatko kyseess\'e4 v\'e4lilliset, erityiset, ep\'e4suorat tai satunnaiset vahingot tai liikevoiton menett\'e4minen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 T\'e4m\'e4 rajoitus koskee\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 kaikkia seikkoja, jotka liittyv\'e4t ohjelmistoon, palveluihin tai sis\'e4lt\'f6\'f6n (mukaan lukien koodiin) kolmansien osapuolten Internet-sivustoissa tai kolmansien osapuolten ohjelmissa sek\'e4\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 v\'e4itteit\'e4 sopimusrikkomuksesta, takuurikkomuksesta, sitoumuksesta tai ehdosta, seurausvastuusta, laiminly\'f6nnist\'e4 tai muusta oikeudenvastaisesta teosta sovellettavan lain nimenomaisesti sallimassa m\'e4\'e4rin.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Rajoitus on voimassa my\'f6s tilanteissa, joissa\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 ohjelmiston korjaaminen tai korvaaminen tai ohjelmiston hinnan hyvitt\'e4minen ei vastaa aiheutuneita menetyksi\'e4 tai joissa\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft on tiennyt tai sen olisi pit\'e4nyt tiet\'e4\'e4 vahinkojen mahdollisuudesta.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Mik\'e4li edell\'e4 mainitut vahingonkorvausvastuun rajoitukset ovat Suomen pakottavan lains\'e4\'e4d\'e4nn\'f6n vastaisia, rajoituksia ei sovelleta asiakkaaseen. Satunnaisten tai v\'e4lillisten vahinkojen tai muiden vahinkojen aiheuttaman vahingonkorvausvastuun poissulkeminen ja rajoittaminen ei ole sallittua joissakin maissa, joten edell\'e4 mainittuja rajoituksia ei ehk\'e4 voida soveltaa asiakkaan tapauksessa.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b RAJOITETTU TAKUU\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab RAJOITETTU TAKUU.\b0  Jos asiakas noudattaa ohjeita, ohjelmisto toimii olennaisilta osiltaan ohjelmiston mukana toimitettavan Microsoft-aineiston kuvailemalla tavalla.\b\par
\fs20 B.\tab TAKUUN KESTO, TAKUUN VASTAANOTTAJA, MAHDOLLISTEN OLETETTUJEN TAKUIDEN KESTO.\b0  Ohjelmiston rajoitettu takuu on voimassa 90 p\'e4iv\'e4n ajan siit\'e4 hetkest\'e4, kun ohjelmiston ensimm\'e4inen k\'e4ytt\'e4j\'e4 hankkii ohjelmiston. Jos asiakas on vastaanottanut t\'e4ydennyksi\'e4, p\'e4ivityksi\'e4 tai korvaavia ohjelmistoja takuuvuoden aikana, niiden takuu on voimassa ohjelmiston meneill\'e4\'e4n olevan takuun loppuun saakka tai 30 p\'e4iv\'e4\'e4 sen mukaan, kumpi p\'e4\'e4ttyy my\'f6hemmin. Jos ensimm\'e4inen k\'e4ytt\'e4j\'e4 siirt\'e4\'e4 ohjelmiston, vastaanottajalle j\'e4\'e4 takuuajan j\'e4ljell\'e4 oleva aika.\fs19\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b Mik\'e4li sovellettavan lain s\'e4\'e4nn\'f6ksist\'e4 ei muuta johdu, mahdolliset oletetut takuut, sitoumukset ja ehdot ovat voimassa vain rajoitetun takuun voimassaolon p\'e4\'e4ttymiseen saakka.\b0  Koska jotkin valtiot eiv\'e4t salli oletetun takuun keston rajoituksia, edell\'e4 mainitut rajoitukset eiv\'e4t koske kaikkia asiakkaita. Oletetun takuun ja oletettujen sitoumusten sek\'e4 ehtojen rajoitukset eiv\'e4t niinik\'e4\'e4n ole sallittuja joissakin maissa, joten edell\'e4 mainittuja rajoituksia ei ehk\'e4 voida soveltaa asiakkaan tapauksessa.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab POISSULKEMINEN TAKUUN PIIRIST\'c4.\b0  T\'e4m\'e4 takuu ei korvaa ongelmia, jotka johtuvat asiakkaan toimista (tai siit\'e4, ett\'e4 asiakas ei ole toiminut), muiden toimista tai sellaisista tapahtumista, joista Microsoftin ei voida kohtuuden rajoissa katsoa olevan vastuussa.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   OIKEUS KORVAUKSIIN TAKUUN RIKKOMUSTAPAUKSISSA. Microsoft korjaa tai korvaa ohjelmiston maksutta. Jos korjaaminen tai korvaaminen ei ole mahdollista, Microsoft hyvitt\'e4\'e4 ohjelmistosta kuitissa olevan hinnan. Microsoft korjaa tai korvaa t\'e4ydennykset, p\'e4ivitykset ja korvaavat ohjelmistot maksutta. Jos korjaaminen tai korvaaminen ei ole mahdollista, Microsoft hyvitt\'e4\'e4 asiakkaan niist\'e4 maksaman hinnan, jos t\'e4ydennys, p\'e4ivitys tai korvaava ohjelmisto on ollut maksullinen. Hyvitys edellytt\'e4\'e4, ett\'e4 asiakas poistaa ohjelmiston asennuksen ja palauttaa Microsoftille ohjelmiston sek\'e4 ostotodistuksen. N\'e4m\'e4 ovat asiakkaan ainoat oikeudet korvauksiin, jos rajoitettu takuu rikkoutuu.\b0\par
\b E.   EI VAIKUTUSTA KULUTTAJAN OIKEUKSIIN. Asiakkaalla voi paikallisen lain s\'e4\'e4d\'f6ksist\'e4 johtuen olla muita kuluttajan oikeuksia, joihin t\'e4m\'e4 sopimus ei voi vaikuttaa.\b0\par
\b F.   TAKUUSEEN LIITTYV\'c4T TOIMET. \b0 Takuuhuolto edellytt\'e4\'e4, ett\'e4 asiakkaalla on n\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ostotodistus.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab Yhdysvallat ja Kanada.\b0  Yhdysvalloissa ja Kanadassa takuuhuoltopalvelut sek\'e4 tiedot hyvityksen hakemisesta ovat k\'e4ytett\'e4viss\'e4\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1033\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoftin numerossa (800) MICROSOFT\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7      \f0 osoitteessa Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 tai\par
\lang1035\f1\'b7      \f0 Internetiss\'e4 osoitteessa \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 2.\tab Eurooppa, L\'e4hi-it\'e4 ja Afrikka. \b0 Jos ohjelmisto on hankittu Euroopassa, L\'e4hi-id\'e4ss\'e4 tai Afrikassa, rajoitetun takuun my\'f6nt\'e4j\'e4 on Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited. Asiakas voi tehd\'e4 t\'e4h\'e4n takuuseen liittyv\'e4n hyvityspyynn\'f6n ottamalla yhteyden jompaankumpaan seuraavista:\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1033\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland tai\par
\lang1035\f1\'b7\tab\f0 paikallinen Microsoftin tyt\'e4ryhti\'f6 (lis\'e4tietoja l\'f6ytyy osoitteesta \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). Asiakas voi my\'f6s ottaa yhteytt\'e4 Microsoftin Suomen tyt\'e4ryhti\'f6\'f6n (Internet-osoite \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/FINLAND/default.mspx\cf0\ulnone  tai puhelin 358 9 525 501).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab Yhdysvaltain, Kanadan, Euroopan, L\'e4hi-id\'e4n ja Afrikan ulkopuoliset alueet. \b0 Jos ohjelmisto on hankittu Yhdysvaltain, Kanadan, Euroopan, L\'e4hi-id\'e4n ja Afrikan ulkopuolella, ota yhteys paikalliseen Microsoftin tyt\'e4ryhti\'f6\'f6n (lis\'e4tietoja l\'f6ytyy osoitteesta \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab EI MUITA TAKUITA. Rajoitettu takuu on ainoa Microsoftin my\'f6nt\'e4m\'e4 suora takuu. Microsoft ei my\'f6nn\'e4 mit\'e4\'e4n muita nimenomaisesti ilmaistuja takuita, sitoumuksia tai ehtoja. Ellei sovellettavan lain s\'e4\'e4d\'f6ksist\'e4 muutu johdu, Microsoft sulkee pois oletetut takuut tavaran soveltuvuudesta kaupank\'e4ynnin kohteeksi, sen sopivuudesta johonkin tiettyyn tarkoitukseen tai oikeuksien loukkaamattomuudesta. \b0 Jos sovellettava laki katsoo asiakkaalla olevan oikeus oletettuihin takuisiin, sitoumuksiin tai ehtoihin t\'e4st\'e4 poissulkemisesta huolimatta ja mik\'e4li sovellettavan lain s\'e4\'e4d\'f6ksist\'e4 ei muuta johdu, asiakkaan oikeus korvauksiin on kohdassa Oikeus korvauksiin takuun rikkomustapauksissa selostetun mukainen.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 H.   VAHINGONKORVAUSVASTUUN RAJOITUS JA POISSULKEMINEN TAKUURIKKOMUKSESSA. T\'e4m\'e4n rajoitetun takuun rikkoutuessa sovelletaan kohtaa Vahingonkorvausvastuun rajoitus ja poissulkeminen.\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Asiakkaalle my\'f6nnet\'e4\'e4n t\'e4m\'e4n takuun mukaiset oikeudet, joiden lis\'e4ksi asiakkaalla voi olla my\'f6s muita paikallisten lakien mukaisia oikeuksia.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\fs28 MICROSOFT-OHJELMISTON T\'c4YDENNYSOSAN K\'c4YTT\'d6EHDOT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C -OHJELMISTON MICROSOFT DIRECTX\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation (tai asiakkaan asuinpaikan mukaan m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ytyv\'e4 Microsoft Corporationin konserniyhti\'f6) my\'f6nt\'e4\'e4 asiakkaalle t\'e4m\'e4n t\'e4ydennysosan k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeudet. Jos asiakkaalla on ohjelmiston Microsoft DirectX\super  \nosupersub ("ohjelmisto") k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeudet, asiakas saa k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 t\'e4t\'e4 t\'e4ydennysosaa. Asiakas ei saa k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 t\'e4ydennysosaa, jos asiakkaalla ei ole ohjelmiston k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeutta. Asiakas saa k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 t\'e4t\'e4 t\'e4ydennysosaa kaikkien niiden ohjelmiston kopioiden kanssa, joiden k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeudet ovat voimassa.\par
Seuraavissa k\'e4ytt\'f6ehdoissa kuvataan\b  \b0 t\'e4m\'e4n t\'e4ydennysosan lis\'e4k\'e4ytt\'f6ehtoja. T\'e4ydennysosan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n sovelletaan n\'e4it\'e4 ehtoja ja ohjelmiston k\'e4ytt\'f6ehtoja. Jos ehdot ovat ristiriidassa, sovelletaan t\'e4ydennysosan k\'e4ytt\'f6ehtoja.\b\par
K\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 t\'e4ydennysosaa asiakas hyv\'e4ksyy n\'e4m\'e4 ehdot. Jos asiakas ei hyv\'e4ksy n\'e4it\'e4 ehtoja, h\'e4n ei saa k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 t\'e4ydennysosaa.\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 Jos asiakas hyv\'e4ksyy t\'e4m\'e4n k\'e4ytt\'f6oikeussopimuksen ehdot, h\'e4nell\'e4 on alla olevat oikeudet.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\f2 1.\tab\lang1035\f0 T\'c4YDENNYSOSAN TUKIPALVELUT.\b0  Microsoftin t\'e4h\'e4n ohjelmistoon liittyv\'e4t tukipalvelut ovat osoitteessa \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone  kuvatun mukaiset.\lang1033\b  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1035\b0\fs19\par
\lang1033\par
\cf1\lang1043\v [PORTUGUESE]\par
\cf0\lang1033\b\v0\fs28 TERMOS DE LICEN\'c7A PARA SOFTWARE MICROSOFT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT \lang1046 ZOO TYCOON 2: \lang1033 MARINE MANIA \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 Estes termos de licen\'e7a s\'e3o um acordo entre a Microsoft Corporation (ou, de acordo com o local onde voc\'ea reside, uma de suas afiliadas) e voc\'ea. Por favor, leia-os. Eles se aplicam ao software acima identificado, que inclui a m\'eddia na qual ele est\'e1 contido, caso haja. Os termos tamb\'e9m se aplicam aos seguintes itens da Microsoft:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 atualiza\'e7\'f5es,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 suplementos,\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 servi\'e7os via Internet e\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 servi\'e7os de suporte,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 referentes a este software, a menos que outros termos acompanhem esses itens. Neste caso, tais termos se aplicam.\par
\b Ao usar o software, voc\'ea estar\'e1 aceitando esses termos. Se voc\'ea n\'e3o os aceitar, n\'e3o use o software. Devolva-o ao revendedor para receber um reembolso ou cr\'e9dito. \b0 Se voc\'ea n\'e3o puder ser reembolsado, contate a Microsoft ou a afiliada da Microsoft em seu pa\'eds para obter informa\'e7\'f5es sobre as pol\'edticas de reembolso da Microsoft. Consulte \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone . No Brasil, visite o site \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/brasil\cf0\lang1046\ulnone  ou telefone para (55) (11) 5504-2155.\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Se cumprir estes termos de licen\'e7a, voc\'ea ter\'e1 os direitos abaixo para cada adquirida.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 VIS\'c3O GERAL.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software. \b0 O software inclui software aplicativo de esta\'e7\'e3o de trabalho (desktop application).\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Modelo de Licen\'e7a. \b0 O software \'e9 licenciado em uma base por c\'f3pia por dispositivo.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 DIREITOS DE INSTALA\'c7\'c3O E USO.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Dispositivo Licenciado. \b0 O dispositivo licenciado \'e9 o dispositivo no qual voc\'ea usa o software. Voc\'ea poder\'e1 instalar e usar 01 (uma) c\'f3pia do software no dispositivo licenciado.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 DIREITOS DE USO E/OU REQUISITOS DE LICENCIAMENTO ADICIONAIS.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 4.   \f0\fs19 SERVI\'c7OS VIA INTERNET. \b0 A Microsoft oferece servi\'e7os via Internet junto com o software. Ela poder\'e1 alter\'e1-los ou cancel\'e1-los a qualquer momento.\b\par
\f2\fs20 5.   \f0\fs19 ESCOPO DA LICEN\'c7A.\b0  O software \'e9 licenciado, n\'e3o vendido. Este contrato apenas oferece a voc\'ea alguns direitos de uso do software. A Microsoft se reserva todos os outros direitos. Salvo quando a legisla\'e7\'e3o aplic\'e1vel oferecer mais direitos do que esta limita\'e7\'e3o, voc\'ea s\'f3 poder\'e1 usar o software conforme expressamente permitido neste contrato. Ao fazer isso, voc\'ea deve cumprir quaisquer limita\'e7\'f5es t\'e9cnicas no software que apenas permitem o seu uso de determinadas maneiras. Para obter mais informa\'e7\'f5es, visite a p\'e1gina \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone . \'c9 vedado(a)\b :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\b0\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 a resolu\'e7\'e3o de limita\'e7\'f5es t\'e9cnicas no software,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 a realiza\'e7\'e3o de engenharia reversa, descompila\'e7\'e3o ou desmontagem do software, exceto e somente na medida em que esta atividade seja expressamente permitida pela legisla\'e7\'e3o aplic\'e1vel, n\'e3o obstante essa limita\'e7\'e3o,\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 fazer mais c\'f3pias do software do que aquelas especificadas neste contrato ou permitidas pela legisla\'e7\'e3o aplic\'e1vel, n\'e3o obstante essa limita\'e7\'e3o,\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 a publica\'e7\'e3o do software para a c\'f3pia por outras pessoas,\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 o aluguel, arrendamento ou empr\'e9stimo do software, ou\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 o uso do software para servi\'e7os de hospedagem de software comercial (\ldblquote hosting\rdblquote ).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 C\'d3PIA DE BACKUP. \b0 Voc\'ea poder\'e1 fazer uma c\'f3pia de backup do software. Voc\'ea poder\'e1 us\'e1-la apenas para reinstalar o software.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\caps\f2\fs20 7.   \f0\fs19 Documenta\'e7\'e3o\caps0 . \b0 Qualquer pessoa que tenha acesso v\'e1lido ao seu computador ou \'e0 sua rede interna poder\'e1 copiar e usar a documenta\'e7\'e3o para fins de refer\'eancia interna.\b\par
\f2\fs20 8.   \f0\fs19 RESTRI\'c7\'d5ES \'c0 EXPORTA\'c7\'c3O. \b0 O software est\'e1 sujeito \'e0s leis e normas de exporta\'e7\'e3o dos Estados Unidos. Voc\'ea dever\'e1 cumprir todas as leis e normas de exporta\'e7\'e3o nacionais e internacionais aplic\'e1veis ao software. Essas leis incluem restri\'e7\'f5es de destinos, usu\'e1rios finais e uso final. Para obter informa\'e7\'f5es adicionais, visite a p\'e1gina \cf1\lang1046\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\lang1033\ulnone .\b\par
\caps\f2\fs20 9.   \f0\fs19 SERVI\'c7OS DE SUPORTE\caps0 . \b0 A Microsoft fornece servi\'e7os de suporte para o software conforme descrito em\b  \cf1\ul\b0 www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\b\par
\f2\fs20 10. \f0\fs19 CONTRATO INTEGRAL. \b0 Este contrato (incluindo a garantia abaixo) e os termos dos suplementos, das atualiza\'e7\'f5es, dos servi\'e7os via Internet e dos servi\'e7os de suporte s\'e3o o contrato integral para o software e os servi\'e7os de suporte.\b\par
\f2\fs20 11. \f0\fs19 LEI APLIC\'c1VEL.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Estados Unidos. \b0 Se voc\'ea adquiriu o software nos Estados Unidos, as leis do Estado de Washington reger\'e3o a interpreta\'e7\'e3o deste contrato e ser\'e3o aplic\'e1veis \'e0s reclama\'e7\'f5es de viola\'e7\'e3o do mesmo, independentemente dos princ\'edpios de conflito de leis. As leis do Estado onde voc\'ea vive regem todas as outras reclama\'e7\'f5es, incluindo leis de defesa ao consumidor, concorr\'eancia desleal e obriga\'e7\'f5es extracontratuais.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Fora dos Estados Unidos. \b0 Se voc\'ea adquiriu o software em qualquer outro pa\'eds, as leis de tal pa\'eds ser\'e3o aplic\'e1veis.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 EFEITO LEGAL. \b0 Este contrato descreve alguns direitos legais. Voc\'ea poder\'e1 ter outros direitos de acordo com as leis do seu Estado ou pa\'eds. Voc\'ea tamb\'e9m poder\'e1 ter direitos em rela\'e7\'e3o ao terceiro de quem o software foi adquirido. Este contrato n\'e3o altera os seus direitos de acordo com as leis do seu Estado ou pa\'eds, caso as leis do seu Estado n\'e3o o permitam.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13. \f0\fs19 LIMITA\'c7\'c3O E EXCLUS\'c3O DE DANOS. Voc\'ea pode recuperar da Microsoft e de seus fornecedores apenas danos diretos limitados ao valor efetivamente pago por voc\'ea pelo software. N\'e3o \'e9 poss\'edvel recuperar outros danos, incluindo conseq\'fcenciais, lucros cessantes, especiais, indiretos ou incidentais.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 Esta limita\'e7\'e3o aplica-se a:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 qualquer assunto relacionado ao software, aos servi\'e7os, ao conte\'fado (incluindo c\'f3digo) em sites de Internet de terceiros, ou programas de terceiros, e\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 reclama\'e7\'f5es por viola\'e7\'e3o contratual, quebra de garantia ou condi\'e7\'e3o, responsabilidade objetiva, neglig\'eancia ou outra responsabilidade extracontratual, na extens\'e3o permitida pela legisla\'e7\'e3o aplic\'e1vel.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Tamb\'e9m ser\'e1 aplicada ainda que\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 o reparo, a substitui\'e7\'e3o ou o reembolso do software n\'e3o o compense integralmente por quaisquer danos, ou\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 a Microsoft saiba ou tivesse que saber sobre a possibilidade dos danos.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 Em alguns Estados, n\'e3o \'e9 permitida a exclus\'e3o ou limita\'e7\'e3o de danos incidentais ou conseq\'fcenciais, portanto, a limita\'e7\'e3o ou exclus\'e3o acima poder\'e1 n\'e3o se aplicar a voc\'ea. Elas tamb\'e9m podem n\'e3o se aplicar a voc\'ea pelo fato de o seu pa\'eds n\'e3o permitir a exclus\'e3o ou limita\'e7\'e3o de danos incidentais, conseq\'fcenciais ou outros.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\b GARANTIA LIMITADA\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab GARANTIA LIMITADA.\b0  Se voc\'ea seguir as instru\'e7\'f5es, o software ser\'e1 executado substancialmente de acordo com o que est\'e1 descrito nos materiais da Microsoft recebidos no software ou que o acompanham.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 B.   TERMO DE GARANTIA; ADQUIRENTE DA GARANTIA; DURA\'c7\'c3O DE QUALQUER GARANTIA IMPL\'cdCITA. A garantia limitada cobre o software por 90 dias ap\'f3s a aquisi\'e7\'e3o pelo primeiro usu\'e1rio. Se voc\'ea receber suplementos, atualiza\'e7\'f5es ou software de substitui\'e7\'e3o durante esse ano, eles ser\'e3o cobertos pelo prazo restante da garantia ou por 30 dias, o que for maior\b0 . Se o primeiro usu\'e1rio transferir o software, o resto da garantia aplicar-se-\'e1 ao benefici\'e1rio da transfer\'eancia.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b Na extens\'e3o permitida pela lei, qualquer garantia ou condi\'e7\'e3o impl\'edcita ir\'e1 durar apenas durante o termo da garantia limitada.\b0  Alguns Estados n\'e3o permitem limita\'e7\'f5es de dura\'e7\'e3o de uma garantia impl\'edcita, portanto, essas limita\'e7\'f5es poder\'e3o n\'e3o se aplicar a voc\'ea. Elas tamb\'e9m poder\'e3o n\'e3o se aplicar a voc\'ea pelo fato de alguns pa\'edses n\'e3o permitirem limita\'e7\'f5es na dura\'e7\'e3o de uma garantia ou condi\'e7\'e3o impl\'edcita.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUS\'d5ES DE GARANTIA.\b0  Esta garantia n\'e3o cobre problemas causados pelos seus atos (ou falhas), pelos atos de outras pessoas, ou por eventos que est\'e3o al\'e9m do controle razo\'e1vel da Microsoft.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.   RECURSO PARA QUEBRA DE GARANTIA. A Microsoft reparar\'e1 ou substituir\'e1 o software sem custos adicionais. Se a Microsoft n\'e3o puder repar\'e1-lo ou substitu\'ed-lo, reembolsar\'e1 a quantia mostrada no recibo do software. O software de substitui\'e7\'e3o, os suplementos e as atualiza\'e7\'f5es tamb\'e9m ser\'e3o reparados ou substitu\'eddos sem custos adicionais. Se a Microsoft n\'e3o puder repar\'e1-los ou substitu\'ed-los, reembolsar\'e1 a quantia paga por voc\'ea, se houver. Voc\'ea deve desinstalar o software e retornar qualquer m\'eddia, e outros materiais associados, \'e0 Microsoft com a comprova\'e7\'e3o de compra para obter reembolso. Esses s\'e3o os seus \'fanicos recursos para a quebra da garantia limitada.\par
E.   DIREITOS DO CONSUMIDOR N\'c3O AFETADOS. Voc\'ea poder\'e1 ter direitos de consumidor adicionais de acordo com suas leis locais, os quais este contrato n\'e3o pode alterar.\par
F.   PROCEDIMENTOS DE GARANTIA. \b0 Voc\'ea precisa de comprovante de compra para servi\'e7o de garantia.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab Estados Unidos e Canad\'e1.\b0  Para obter servi\'e7os de garantia ou informa\'e7\'f5es sobre como obter um reembolso referente ao software adquirido nos Estados Unidos e no Canad\'e1, contate a Microsoft das seguintes formas:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1024\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 (800) MICROSOFT;\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7      \lang1033\f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399; ou\par
\lang1024\f1\'b7      \lang1033\f0 visite \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 2.\tab Europa, Oriente M\'e9dio e \'c1frica. \b0 Se voc\'ea adquiriu o software na Europa, no Oriente M\'e9dio ou na \'c1frica, a Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited faz esta garantia limitada. Para fazer uma reclama\'e7\'e3o sob esta garantia, contate:\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1024\b0\f1\'b7\tab\lang1033\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland; ou\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1024\f1\'b7      \lang1033\f0 a afiliada da Microsoft em seu pa\'eds (consulte \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab Fora dos Estados Unidos, do Canad\'e1, da Europa, do Oriente M\'e9dio e da \'c1frica. \b0 Se voc\'ea adquiriu o software fora dos Estados Unidos, do Canad\'e1, da Europa, do Oriente M\'e9dio e da \'c1frica, contate a afiliada da Microsoft em seu pa\'eds (consulte \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ). No Brasil, visite o site \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/brasil\cf0\ulnone  ou telefone para (55) (11) 5504-2155.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 G.\tab ISEN\'c7\'c3O DE OUTRAS GARANTIAS. A garantia limitada \'e9 a \'fanica garantia direta da Microsoft. A Microsoft n\'e3o oferece outras garantias ou condi\'e7\'f5es. Onde seja permitido pelas leis locais, a Microsoft exclui as garantias impl\'edcitas de comercializa\'e7\'e3o, adequa\'e7\'e3o a uma finalidade espec\'edfica e n\'e3o-viola\'e7\'e3o.\b0  Se as suas leis locais prev\'eaem garantias ou condi\'e7\'f5es limitadas, n\'e3o obstante esta exclus\'e3o, seus recursos estar\'e3o descritos na cl\'e1usula Recurso para Quebra de Garantia acima, na extens\'e3o permitida pelas leis locais.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b H.   LIMITA\'c7\'c3O E EXCLUS\'c3O DE DANOS REFERENTES \'c0 QUEBRA DE GARANTIA. A cl\'e1usula Limita\'e7\'e3o e Exclus\'e3o de Danos acima aplica-se \'e0s quebras desta garantia limitada.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar Esta garantia oferece direitos legais espec\'edficos e voc\'ea tamb\'e9m poder\'e1 ter outros direitos que variam de acordo com cada Estado. Voc\'ea tamb\'e9m poder\'e1 ter outros direitos que variam de acordo com cada pa\'eds.\par
\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1046\fs28 TERMOS DE LICEN\'c7A PARA SUPLEMENTO DE SOFTWARE MICROSOFT\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C PARA O MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 A Microsoft Corporation (ou de acordo com o local onde voc\'ea reside, uma de suas afiliadas) licencia este suplemento para voc\'ea.  Caso tenha uma licen\'e7a de uso do software Microsoft DirectX (o \ldblquote software\rdblquote ), voc\'ea poder\'e1 usar este suplemento.  Voc\'ea n\'e3o poder\'e1 us\'e1-lo se n\'e3o tiver uma licen\'e7a para o software.  Voc\'ea poder\'e1 usar uma c\'f3pia deste suplemento com cada c\'f3pia devidamente licenciada do software.\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 Os termos de licen\'e7a a seguir descrevem\b  \b0 outros termos de uso deste suplemento.  Estes termos e os termos da licen\'e7a do software se aplicam ao uso do suplemento.  Em caso de conflito, ser\'e3o aplicados estes termos de licen\'e7a suplementares.  \par
\b Ao usar este suplemento, voc\'ea estar\'e1 aceitando estes termos.  Se voc\'ea n\'e3o aceit\'e1-los, n\'e3o use este suplemento.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 Se cumprir estes termos de licen\'e7a, voc\'ea ter\'e1 os direitos abaixo.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1033\f2 1.   \lang1046\f0 SERVI\'c7OS DE SUPORTE PARA O SUPLEMENTO.\b0   \fs19 A Microsoft fornece servi\'e7os de suporte para este software conforme descrito em \cf1\ul\fs20 www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone\fs19 .\b\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\fs19\par
\lang1046\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\cf1\lang1043\b0\v [JAPANESE]\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\tx9360\cf0\lang1041\b\v0\f4\fs28\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \lang1036\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1041\b0\f4\fs19\'96\'7b\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\lang1033\f0  (\lang1041\f4\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'81\'75\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\lang1033\f0 )\lang1041\f4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'c6\lang1033\f0 Microsoft Corporation\f4\'81\'69\lang1041\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'81\'75\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\lang1033\'81\'6a\lang1041\'82\'c6\'82\'cc\'8c\'5f\'96\'f1\'82\'f0\'8d\'5c\'90\'ac\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'f0\'92\'8d\'88\'d3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'93\'c7\'82\'dd\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'8b\'4c\'82\'cc\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'aa\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'94\'7d\'91\'cc\lang1033\f0  (\lang1041\f4\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'91\'8d\'8f\'cc\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'75\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1041\f4\'82\'c9\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'90\'bb\'95\'69\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'95\'ca\'93\'72\'8c\'c5\'97\'4c\'82\'cc\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'aa\'95\'74\'91\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'90\'bb\'95\'69\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'8d\'58\'90\'56\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'95\'a8\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'83\'78\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f4\'82\'c8\'82\'a8\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'90\'bb\'95\'69\'82\'c9\'95\'ca\'93\'72\'8c\'c5\'97\'4c\'82\'cc\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'aa\'95\'74\'91\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'96\'8a\'59\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'aa\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1041\b\f4\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'c9\'93\'af\'88\'d3\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'c9\'93\'af\'88\'d3\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'96\'a2\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'cc\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8d\'77\'93\'fc\'93\'58\'82\'d6\'82\'b2\'95\'d4\'95\'69\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8e\'78\'95\'a5\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'be\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'8b\'e0\'8a\'7a\'82\'cc\'95\'a5\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'f0\'8e\'f3\'82\'af\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b0\f0   \lang1041\f4\'8d\'77\'93\'fc\'93\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'95\'a5\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'f0\'8e\'f3\'82\'af\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'c5\'8a\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'89\'ef\'8e\'d0\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'b2\'98\'41\'97\'8d\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'98\'41\'97\'8d\'90\'e6\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone  \lang1041\f4\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\fs20\'93\'fa\'96\'7b\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/japan/\cf0\ulnone  \lang1041\f4\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1041\b\f4\fs19\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'f0\'8f\'85\'8e\'e7\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8f\'f0\'8c\'8f\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'8e\'e6\'93\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8a\'65\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'aa\'8b\'96\'91\'f8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'91\'8d\'91\'a5\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 a.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'81\'42\lang1033\b0\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'66\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'83\'62\'83\'76\f0  \f4\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\f0  \f4\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'aa\'8a\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'8c\'60\'91\'d4\'81\'42\b0\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'65\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'8a\'65\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\'96\'88\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'8b\'96\'91\'f8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'58\'83\'67\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'e6\'93\'be\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'81\'42\b0\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'e6\'93\'be\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'e6\'93\'be\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\lang1033\f0  1 \lang1041\f4\'95\'94\'82\'f0\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'58\'83\'67\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'82\'cc\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8c\'8f\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'8c\'a0\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 4.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'83\'78\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'81\'42\b0\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'83\'78\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'92\'f1\'8b\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'92\'86\'8e\'7e\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 5.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'81\'42\b0\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cd\'8b\'96\'91\'f8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'94\'cc\'94\'84\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'c9\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'f0\'95\'74\'97\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'97\'af\'95\'db\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'96\'40\'97\'df\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'8f\'e3\'96\'be\'8e\'a6\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8b\'96\'91\'f8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'93\'e0\'97\'65\'82\'f0\'92\'b4\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'aa\'95\'74\'97\'5e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'f0\'8f\'9c\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'c5\'96\'be\'8e\'a6\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8b\'96\'89\'c2\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'91\'67\'82\'dd\'8d\'9e\'82\'dc\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8b\'5a\'8f\'70\'93\'49\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'c9\'8f\'5d\'82\'a4\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone  \lang1041\f4\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'cd\'88\'ea\'90\'d8\'8b\'d6\'8e\'7e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1041\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'8b\'5a\'8f\'70\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'f0\'89\'f1\'94\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c5\'97\'98\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'83\'8a\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'83\'47\'83\'93\'83\'57\'83\'6a\'83\'41\'83\'8a\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'81\'41\'8b\'74\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'70\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8b\'74\'83\'41\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'c5\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'88\'c8\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\'82\'f0\'8d\'ec\'90\'ac\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'91\'e6\'8e\'4f\'8e\'d2\'82\'aa\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8c\'f6\'8a\'4a\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'83\'8c\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'91\'dd\'97\'5e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8f\'a4\'97\'70\'83\'7a\'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'82\'c5\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'83\'6f\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'41\'83\'62\'83\'76\'97\'70\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\'81\'42\b0\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'83\'6f\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'41\'83\'62\'83\'76\'97\'70\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\'82\'f0\lang1033\f0  1 \lang1041\f4\'95\'94\'8d\'ec\'90\'ac\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8d\'c4\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'58\'83\'67\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 7.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'83\'68\'83\'4c\'83\'85\'83\'81\'83\'93\'83\'67\'81\'42\b0\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'93\'e0\'95\'94\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'83\'8f\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'c9\'90\'b3\'8b\'4b\'82\'c9\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'e0\'95\'94\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'96\'da\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'4c\'83\'85\'83\'81\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 8.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'97\'41\'8f\'6f\'8b\'4b\'90\'a7\'81\'42\b0\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'81\'83\'8a\'83\'4a\'8d\'87\'8f\'4f\'8d\'91\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'93\'fa\'96\'7b\'8d\'91\'82\'cc\'97\'41\'8f\'6f\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8b\'4b\'90\'a7\'82\'cc\'91\'ce\'8f\'db\'82\'c6\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'8d\'91\'93\'e0\'96\'40\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8d\'91\'8d\'db\'96\'40\lang1033\f0  (\lang1041\f4\'97\'41\'8f\'6f\'91\'ce\'8f\'db\'8d\'91\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'86\'81\'5b\'83\'55\'81\'5b\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'47\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'86\'81\'5b\'83\'55\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'f0\'8a\'dc\'82\'dd\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1041\f4\'82\'f0\'8f\'85\'8e\'e7\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c9\'93\'af\'88\'d3\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/japan/exporting\cf0\ulnone  \lang1041\f4\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 9.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'81\'42\b0\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone  \lang1041\f4\'82\'c5\'90\'e0\'96\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'92\'f1\'8b\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 10.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'8a\'ae\'91\'53\'82\'c8\'8d\'87\'88\'d3\'81\'42\b0\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\lang1033\f0  (\lang1041\f4\'89\'ba\'8b\'4c\'82\'cc\'95\'69\'8e\'bf\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8a\'dc\'82\'dd\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\lang1033\f0 )\lang1041\f4\'81\'41\'82\'c8\'82\'e7\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'95\'a8\'81\'41\'8d\'58\'90\'56\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'83\'78\'81\'5b\'83\'58\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'8f\'f0\'8c\'8f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'c6\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'c6\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'8a\'ae\'91\'53\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'8d\'87\'88\'d3\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 11.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'8f\'80\'8b\'92\'96\'40\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'93\'fa\'96\'7b\'81\'42\b0\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'93\'fa\'96\'7b\'8d\'91\'93\'e0\'82\'c5\'93\'fc\'8e\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'cd\'93\'fa\'96\'7b\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'8f\'80\'8b\'92\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\f5\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sa120\lang1033\b\f2\fs20 b.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'95\'c4\'8d\'91\'81\'42\b0\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'83\'41\'83\'81\'83\'8a\'83\'4a\'8d\'87\'8f\'4f\'8d\'91\'93\'e0\'82\'c5\'93\'fc\'8e\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'92\'ef\'90\'47\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'ed\'82\'e7\'82\'b8\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'cc\'89\'f0\'8e\'df\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8c\'5f\'96\'f1\'88\'e1\'94\'bd\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'8e\'e5\'92\'a3\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'81\'83\'8a\'83\'4a\'8d\'87\'8f\'4f\'8d\'91\'83\'8f\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'93\'8f\'42\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'8f\'80\'8b\'92\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'c1\'94\'ef\'8e\'d2\'95\'db\'8c\'ec\'96\'40\'81\'41\'8c\'f6\'90\'b3\'8e\'e6\'88\'f8\'96\'40\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'88\'e1\'96\'40\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8a\'dc\'82\'dd\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'82\'aa\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'8e\'e5\'92\'a3\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'8f\'8a\'8d\'dd\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'96\'40\'97\'a5\'82\'c9\'8f\'80\'8b\'92\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\f5\par
\lang1033\b\f2\fs20 c.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'93\'fa\'96\'7b\'8b\'79\'82\'d1\'95\'c4\'8d\'91\'88\'c8\'8a\'4f\'81\'42\b0\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'93\'fa\'96\'7b\'8d\'91\'8b\'79\'82\'d1\'83\'41\'83\'81\'83\'8a\'83\'4a\'8d\'87\'8f\'4f\'8d\'91\'88\'c8\'8a\'4f\'82\'cc\'8d\'91\'82\'c5\'93\'fc\'8e\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'cd\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'8f\'80\'8b\'92\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\f5\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033\b\f2\fs20 12.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'96\'40\'93\'49\'8c\'f8\'97\'cd\'81\'42\b0\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'96\'40\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'f0\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'82\'e2\'8d\'91\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'e6\'93\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'91\'e6\'8e\'4f\'8e\'d2\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e0\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'7b\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'91\'82\'cc\'96\'40\'97\'a5\'82\'aa\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'96\'40\'97\'a5\'82\'c9\'8a\'ee\'82\'c3\'82\'ad\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'cc\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'8b\'96\'97\'65\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'90\'d3\'94\'43\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8f\'9c\'8a\'4f\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'8b\'9f\'8b\'8b\'8e\'d2\'82\'cc\'90\'d3\'94\'43\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'8e\'78\'95\'a5\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'8b\'e0\'8a\'7a\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'8c\'c0\'82\'c6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'92\'bc\'90\'da\'91\'b9\'8a\'51\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'91\'b9\'8a\'51\lang1033\f0  (\lang1041\f4\'94\'68\'90\'b6\'93\'49\'91\'b9\'8a\'51\'81\'41\'88\'ed\'8e\'b8\'97\'98\'89\'76\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'95\'ca\'91\'b9\'8a\'51\'81\'41\'8a\'d4\'90\'da\'91\'b9\'8a\'51\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'95\'74\'90\'8f\'93\'49\'91\'b9\'8a\'51\'82\'f0\'8a\'dc\'82\'dd\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'82\'aa\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1041\f4\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'ea\'90\'d8\'90\'d3\'94\'43\'82\'f0\'95\'89\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1041\b0\f4\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'81\'41\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'81\'41\'91\'e6\'8e\'4f\'8e\'d2\'82\'cc\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'67\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'93\'83\'63\lang1033\f0  (\lang1041\f4\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8a\'dc\'82\'dd\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1041\f4\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'91\'e6\'8e\'4f\'8e\'d2\'82\'cc\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8e\'96\'8d\'80\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'8c\'5f\'96\'f1\'88\'e1\'94\'bd\'81\'41\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'88\'e1\'94\'bd\'81\'41\'96\'b3\'89\'df\'8e\'b8\'90\'d3\'94\'43\'81\'41\'89\'df\'8e\'b8\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'73\'96\'40\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\lang1033\f0  (\lang1041\f4\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'96\'40\'82\'c5\'8b\'96\'89\'c2\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c9\'82\'a8\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\lang1033\f0 )\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f4\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'a8\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'aa\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'8f\'43\'97\'9d\'81\'41\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'a5\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'91\'b9\'8e\'b8\'82\'aa\'8a\'ae\'91\'53\'82\'c9\'95\'e2\'8f\'9e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'aa\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c8\'91\'b9\'8a\'51\'82\'cc\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'90\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'92\'6d\'82\'e7\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'92\'6d\'82\'e8\'93\'be\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f4\'88\'ea\'95\'94\'82\'cc\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'95\'74\'90\'8f\'93\'49\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'94\'68\'90\'b6\'93\'49\'91\'b9\'8a\'51\'82\'cc\'96\'c6\'90\'d3\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'d3\'94\'43\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'f0\'94\'46\'82\'df\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'8b\'4c\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'8e\'96\'8d\'80\'82\'aa\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'88\'ea\'95\'94\'82\'cc\'8d\'91\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'95\'74\'90\'8f\'93\'49\'81\'41\'94\'68\'90\'b6\'93\'49\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'91\'b9\'8a\'51\'82\'cc\'96\'c6\'90\'d3\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'d3\'94\'43\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'f0\'94\'46\'82\'df\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'8b\'4c\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'8e\'96\'8d\'80\'82\'aa\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\lang1041\b\f4\'95\'69\'8e\'bf\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 A.\tab\lang1041\f4\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'81\'42\b0\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'90\'e0\'96\'be\'8f\'91\'82\'c9\'8f\'5d\'82\'a4\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8f\'f0\'8c\'8f\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'8a\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c6\'8b\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'fc\'8e\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'8e\'91\'97\'bf\'82\'c9\'8e\'c0\'8e\'bf\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8f\'5d\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f0 B.\tab\lang1041\f4\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'81\'41\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'cc\'91\'ce\'8f\'db\'81\'41\'96\'d9\'8e\'a6\'82\'cc\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'cc\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'81\'42\'95\'69\'8e\'bf\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'cc\'83\'86\'81\'5b\'83\'55\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'e6\'93\'be\'8c\'e3\lang1033\f0  90 \f4\'93\'fa\lang1041\'8a\'d4\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'93\'e0\'82\'c9\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'95\'a8\'81\'41\'8d\'58\'90\'56\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'93\'fc\'8e\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cd\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'8e\'63\'91\'b6\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'92\'86\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'93\'fc\'8e\'e8\'8c\'e3\lang1033\f0  30 \lang1041\f4\'93\'fa\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'93\'9e\'97\'88\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'fa\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'cc\'83\'86\'81\'5b\'83\'55\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8f\'f7\'93\'6e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8e\'63\'82\'e8\'82\'cc\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'82\'cd\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'8f\'f7\'8e\'f3\'90\'6c\'82\'c9\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f4\'96\'40\'97\'a5\'8f\'e3\'8b\'96\'97\'65\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'8c\'c0\'82\'c9\'82\'a8\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'c9\'97\'5e\'82\'a6\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'96\'d9\'8e\'a6\'82\'cc\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8f\'f0\'8c\'8f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'69\'8e\'bf\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'92\'e8\'8b\'60\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\'88\'ea\'95\'94\'82\'cc\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'96\'d9\'8e\'a6\'82\'cc\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'cc\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'f0\'94\'46\'82\'df\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'8b\'4c\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'8e\'96\'8d\'80\'82\'aa\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'88\'ea\'95\'94\'82\'cc\'8d\'91\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'96\'d9\'8e\'a6\'82\'cc\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8f\'f0\'8c\'8f\'82\'cc\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'94\'46\'82\'df\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'8b\'4c\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'8e\'96\'8d\'80\'82\'aa\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f0 C.\tab\lang1041\f4\'96\'c6\'90\'d3\'81\'42\b0\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\lang1033\f0  (\lang1041\f4\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'73\'97\'9a\'8d\'73\lang1033\f0 )\lang1041\f4\'81\'41\'82\'e0\'82\'b5\'82\'ad\'82\'cd\'91\'e6\'8e\'4f\'8e\'d2\'82\'cc\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e9\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'aa\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'95\'73\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'8e\'96\'8d\'80\'82\'f0\'8c\'b4\'88\'f6\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'88\'ea\'90\'d8\'90\'d3\'94\'43\'82\'f0\'95\'89\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b\f0 D.\tab\lang1041\f4\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'88\'e1\'94\'bd\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8b\'7e\'8d\'cf\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'b3\'8f\'9e\'82\'c5\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8f\'43\'97\'9d\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'8f\'43\'97\'9d\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'82\'aa\'95\'73\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'8e\'fb\'8f\'91\'82\'c9\'8b\'4c\'8d\'da\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'91\'e3\'8b\'e0\'82\'f0\'95\'d4\'8b\'e0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'b3\'8f\'9e\'82\'c5\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'95\'a8\'81\'41\'8d\'58\'90\'56\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8f\'43\'97\'9d\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'8f\'43\'97\'9d\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'82\'aa\'95\'73\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'95\'a8\'81\'41\'8d\'58\'90\'56\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'8e\'78\'95\'a5\'82\'a2\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'91\'e3\'8b\'e0\'82\'f0\'95\'d4\'8b\'e0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'95\'d4\'8b\'e0\'82\'f0\'8e\'f3\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'83\'41\'83\'93\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'58\'83\'67\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'94\'7d\'91\'cc\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'8e\'91\'97\'bf\'82\'f0\'97\'cc\'8e\'fb\'8f\'91\'82\'c6\'8b\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'c9\'95\'d4\'95\'69\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'88\'e1\'94\'bd\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'97\'42\'88\'ea\'82\'cc\'8b\'7e\'8d\'cf\'8e\'e8\'92\'69\'82\'c6\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b0\f3\par
\b\f0 E.\tab\lang1041\f4\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'c1\'94\'ef\'8e\'d2\'82\'cc\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'81\'42\'96\'7b\'95\'69\'8e\'bf\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'96\'40\'97\'df\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e9\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'82\'cc\'8f\'c1\'94\'ef\'8e\'d2\'82\'cc\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'aa\'91\'b6\'8d\'dd\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\f0 F.\tab\lang1041\f4\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a8\'96\'e2\'82\'a2\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'81\'42\b0\'97\'cc\'8e\'fb\'8f\'91\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'82\'b2\'8d\'77\'93\'fc\'82\'cc\'8f\'d8\'96\'be\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f0 1.\tab\lang1041\f4\'95\'c4\'8d\'91\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'4a\'83\'69\'83\'5f\'81\'42\b0\'95\'c4\'8d\'91\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'4a\'83\'69\'83\'5f\'82\'c5\'93\'fc\'8e\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'d4\'8b\'e0\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'95\'73\'96\'be\'82\'c8\'93\'5f\'82\'aa\'82\'b2\'82\'b4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e7\'81\'41\'89\'ba\'8b\'4c\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'cc\'98\'41\'97\'8d\'90\'e6\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'b2\'98\'41\'97\'8d\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7      \f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399\par
\f1\'b7      \f0 Web \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  : \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f0 2.\tab\lang1041\f4\'83\'88\'81\'5b\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'70\'81\'41\'92\'86\'93\'8c\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'41\'83\'74\'83\'8a\'83\'4a\'81\'42\b0\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'83\'88\'81\'5b\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'70\'81\'41\'92\'86\'93\'8c\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'74\'83\'8a\'83\'4a\'82\'c5\'93\'fc\'8e\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\lang1033\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited \lang1041\f4\'82\'aa\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'95\'69\'8e\'bf\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'97\'9a\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'97\'9a\'8d\'73\'82\'f0\'82\'a8\'8b\'81\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'89\'ba\'8b\'4c\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'cc\'98\'41\'97\'8d\'90\'e6\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'b2\'98\'41\'97\'8d\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f1\'b7\tab\f4\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'8e\'71\'89\'ef\'8e\'d0\lang1033\f0  (\cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone )\lang1041\f4\'81\'42\lang1033\f0   \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab\lang1041\f4\'95\'c4\'8d\'91\'81\'41\'83\'4a\'83\'69\'83\'5f\'81\'41\'83\'88\'81\'5b\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'70\'81\'41\'92\'86\'93\'8c\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'41\'83\'74\'83\'8a\'83\'4a\'88\'c8\'8a\'4f\'82\'cc\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'81\'42\b0\'8d\'c5\'8a\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'89\'ef\'8e\'d0\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'b2\'98\'41\'97\'8d\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'98\'41\'97\'8d\'90\'e6\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\lang1046\f0  \cf1\lang1033\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone  \lang1041\f4\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\fs20\'93\'fa\'96\'7b\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/japan/\cf0\ulnone  \lang1041\f4\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f0 G.\tab\lang1041\f4\'96\'b3\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'81\'42\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'95\'69\'8e\'bf\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'92\'bc\'90\'da\'8e\'f3\'82\'af\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'97\'42\'88\'ea\'82\'cc\'92\'bc\'90\'da\'93\'49\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'c6\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'8e\'a6\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'cd\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'96\'40\'97\'a5\'8f\'e3\'8b\'96\'97\'65\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'8c\'c0\'82\'c9\'82\'a8\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8f\'a4\'95\'69\'90\'ab\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'96\'da\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'4b\'8d\'87\'90\'ab\'81\'41\'94\'f1\'90\'4e\'8a\'51\'90\'ab\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'96\'d9\'8e\'a6\'82\'cc\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'88\'ea\'90\'d8\'90\'d3\'94\'43\'82\'f0\'95\'89\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\lang1033\f0   \lang1041\b0\f4\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'96\'d9\'8e\'a6\'82\'cc\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'82\'aa\'8a\'6d\'95\'db\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'8f\'f0\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'ed\'82\'e7\'82\'b8\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'c9\'97\'5e\'82\'a6\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8b\'7e\'8d\'cf\'8e\'e8\'92\'69\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'40\'97\'a5\'8f\'e3\'8b\'96\'97\'65\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'8c\'c0\'82\'c9\'82\'a8\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'8b\'4c\'81\'75\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'88\'e1\'94\'bd\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8b\'7e\'8d\'cf\'81\'76\'82\'cc\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'c5\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8b\'7e\'8d\'cf\'8e\'e8\'92\'69\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\f0 H.\tab\lang1041\f4\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'88\'e1\'94\'bd\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'90\'d3\'94\'43\'82\'cc\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8f\'9c\'8a\'4f\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'8b\'4c\'82\'cc\'81\'75\'96\'b3\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'81\'76\'82\'cc\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'95\'69\'8e\'bf\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'88\'e1\'94\'bd\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\caps\'81\'42\lang1033\b0\caps0\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1041\b\f4\'96\'7b\'95\'69\'8e\'bf\'95\'db\'8f\'d8\'8b\'4b\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'96\'40\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'f0\'92\'e8\'82\'df\'82\'bd\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'92\'6e\'88\'e6\'82\'e2\'8d\'91\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'88\'d9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'82\'cc\'8c\'a0\'97\'98\'82\'aa\'91\'b6\'8d\'dd\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e0\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\f5\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1033\b0\f0\par
\lang1041\b\f4\fs28\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C FOR MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 Microsoft Corporation (\lang1041\f4\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'81\'75\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1041\f4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'c9\'8b\'9f\'97\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\f0  DirectX \lang1041\f4\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\lang1033\f0 (\lang1041\f4\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'81\'75\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1041\f4\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'e6\'93\'be\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'e6\'93\'be\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c8\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8e\'e6\'93\'be\'8d\'cf\'82\'dd\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\lang1033\f0  1 \lang1041\f4\'82\'c2\'82\'b2\'82\'c6\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'95\'a1\'90\'bb\lang1033\f0  1 \lang1041\f4\'82\'c2\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\lang1041\f4\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'90\'e0\'96\'be\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'c6\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'aa\'96\'7b\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c9\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'97\'bc\'8e\'d2\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'96\'b5\'8f\'82\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'aa\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\b\f4\'96\'7b\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'c9\'93\'af\'88\'d3\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'c9\'93\'af\'88\'d3\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\f3\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1041\f4\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'aa\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'58\'8f\'f0\'8d\'80\'82\'f0\'8f\'85\'8e\'e7\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8f\'f0\'8c\'8f\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8b\'71\'97\'6c\'82\'cd\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'aa\'8b\'96\'91\'f8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\lang1041\f4\fs19\'96\'7b\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'81\'42\b0\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone  \lang1041\f4\'82\'c5\'90\'e0\'96\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\lang1033\f0  \lang1041\f4\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'92\'f1\'8b\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\par
\par
\cf1\lang1043\v\f0 [CHINESE TRADITIONAL]\par
\cf0\lang1033\b\v0\fs28 MICROSOFT \lang1028\f6\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1028\b0\f6\fs19\'a5\'bb\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'ab\'59\'a4\'40\'a5\'f7\'a5\'d1\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'bb\'50\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'a4\'bd\'a5\'71\lang1033\f0  (\lang1028\f6\'a9\'ce\'a8\'e4\'c3\'f6\'ab\'59\'a5\'f8\'b7\'7e\'a1\'41\'b5\'f8\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a9\'7e\'a6\'ed\'aa\'ba\'a6\'61\'c2\'49\'a6\'d3\'a9\'77\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1028\f6\'a4\'a7\'b6\'a1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'a8\'a5\'df\'a4\'a7\'a8\'f3\'c4\'b3\'a1\'43\'bd\'d0\'a5\'4a\'b2\'d3\'be\'5c\'c5\'aa\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a9\'f3\'a4\'57\'ad\'7a\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a1\'41\'a5\'5d\'ac\'41\lang1033\f0  \lang1028\f6\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'ac\'a8\'fc\'aa\'ba\'b4\'43\'c5\'e9\lang1033\f0  (\lang1028\f6\'a6\'70\'aa\'47\'a6\'b3\'aa\'ba\'b8\'dc\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1028\f6\'a1\'43\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a5\'e7\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a9\'f3\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\lang1033\f0  Microsoft\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'a7\'f3\'b7\'73\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'ba\'f4\'bb\'da\'ba\'f4\'b8\'f4\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'bb\'50\f7\par
\lang1033\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'a4\'e4\'b4\'a9\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1028\f6\'a6\'fd\'ad\'59\'a4\'57\'ad\'7a\'b6\'b5\'a5\'d8\'a5\'74\'aa\'fe\'a6\'b3\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\'ab\'68\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'c0\'75\'a5\'fd\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1028\b\f6\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a4\'40\'b8\'67\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a1\'41\'a7\'59\'aa\'ed\'a5\'dc\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a6\'50\'b7\'4e\'b1\'b5\'a8\'fc\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\'ad\'59\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a4\'a3\'a6\'50\'b7\'4e\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a1\'41\'bd\'d0\'a4\'a3\'ad\'6e\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a1\'43\'a6\'62\'a6\'b9\'b1\'a1\'aa\'70\'a4\'55\'a1\'41\'bd\'d0\'b1\'4e\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'b0\'68\'c1\'d9\'b5\'b9\'ad\'ec\'b9\'73\'b0\'e2\'b0\'d3\'a1\'41\'a8\'c3\'bd\'d0\'a8\'44\'b0\'68\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\lang1033\b0\f0  \lang1028\f6\'a6\'70\'aa\'47\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'b5\'4c\'aa\'6b\'b1\'71\ul\'b9\'73\'b0\'e2\'b0\'d3\ulnone\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'b0\'68\'b4\'da\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'bd\'d0\'c1\'70\'b5\'b8\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'a9\'ce\'b7\'ed\'a6\'61\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'c3\'f6\'ab\'59\'a5\'f8\'b7\'7e\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'b0\'68\'b4\'da\'ac\'46\'b5\'a6\'a4\'a7\'ac\'db\'c3\'f6\'b8\'ea\'b0\'54\'a1\'43\'bd\'d0\'b0\'d1\'be\'5c\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\lang1028\ulnone\f6\'a1\'43\'a6\'62\'a5\'78\'c6\'57\'a1\'41\'bd\'d0\'ad\'50\'b9\'71\lang1033\f0  (886) (2) 3725-3888\lang1028\f6\'a1\'41\'a9\'ce\'c2\'73\'c4\'fd\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/Taiwan/\cf0\lang1028\ulnone\f6\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\tx1620\lang1028\f6\'ad\'59\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'bf\'ed\'a6\'75\'a5\'bb\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b3\'57\'a9\'77\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'b1\'6f\'a8\'c9\'a6\'b3\'a5\'48\'a4\'55\'a6\'55\'b6\'b5\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\lang1033\'a1\'47\lang1028\'a9\'d2\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'aa\'ba\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\lang1033\f4\'81\'42\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'b7\'a7\'bd\'d7\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2 a.\tab\lang1028\f6\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'43\b0\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a5\'5d\'ac\'41\lang1033\'a1\'47\lang1028\'ae\'e0\'ad\'b1\'c0\'b3\'a5\'ce\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2 b.\tab\lang1028\f6\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'bc\'d2\'a6\'a1\'a1\'43\b0\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'aa\'ba\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'ab\'59\'ae\'da\'be\'da\'a8\'43\'ad\'d3\'b8\'cb\'b8\'6d\'a4\'40\'a5\'f7\'ab\'fe\'a8\'a9\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'a6\'77\'b8\'cb\'bb\'50\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2 a.\tab\lang1028\f6\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b8\'cb\'b8\'6d\'a1\'43\b0\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'aa\'ba\'b8\'cb\'b8\'6d\'ac\'4f\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a6\'62\'a8\'e4\'a4\'57\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a4\'a7\'b8\'cb\'b8\'6d\'a1\'43\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'b1\'6f\'a9\'f3\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b8\'cb\'b8\'6d\'a4\'57\'a1\'41\'a6\'77\'b8\'cb\'a9\'4d\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a4\'40\'a5\'f7\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'ab\'fe\'a8\'a9\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'ad\'6e\'a5\'f3\'a4\'ce\lang1033\'a1\'fe\lang1028\'a9\'ce\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'c5\'76\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 4.\tab\lang1024\f6\fs19\'a5\'48\lang1028\'ba\'f4\'bb\'da\'ba\'f4\'b8\'f4\'ac\'b0\'b0\'f2\'c2\'a6\'a4\'a7\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a1\'43\lang1033\b0\f0 Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'c0\'48\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'ba\'f4\'bb\'da\'ba\'f4\'b8\'f4\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a8\'c3\'b1\'6f\'a5\'48\'c0\'48\'ae\'c9\'c5\'dc\'a7\'f3\'a9\'ce\'a8\'fa\'ae\'f8\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 5.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'bd\'64\'b3\'f2\'a1\'43\b0\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'ab\'59\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a6\'d3\'ab\'44\'a5\'58\'b0\'e2\'bd\'e6\'c2\'5f\'a1\'43\'b3\'6f\'a5\'f7\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'b6\'c8\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'aa\'ba\'b3\'a1\'a5\'f7\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\lang1033\f0 Microsoft\f2  \lang1028\f6\'ab\'4f\'af\'64\'a9\'d2\'a6\'b3\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\'b0\'a3\'ab\'44\'a6\'b3\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'aa\'6b\'b3\'57\'bd\'e1\'a4\'a9\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'b6\'57\'a5\'58\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'aa\'ba\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'41\'a7\'5f\'ab\'68\'b7\'ed\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a6\'62\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'ae\'c9\'a1\'41\'b1\'4e\'a4\'a3\'b1\'6f\'b6\'57\'a5\'58\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'a9\'fa\'a4\'e5\'b3\'5c\'a5\'69\'a4\'a7\'bd\'64\'b3\'f2\'a5\'48\'a5\'7e\'a1\'43\'a6\'5d\'a6\'b9\'a1\'41\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a5\'b2\'b6\'b7\'bf\'ed\'a6\'75\'a5\'75\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'a5\'48\'af\'53\'a9\'77\'a4\'e8\'a6\'a1\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'aa\'ba\'a7\'de\'b3\'4e\'b3\'57\'a9\'77\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a1\'43\'a6\'70\'bb\'dd\'b8\'d4\'b2\'d3\'b8\'ea\'b0\'54\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'bd\'d0\'b0\'d1\'be\'5c\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\lang1028\ulnone\f6\'a1\'43\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a4\'a3\'b1\'6f\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f4\'e7\'8f\'94\'f0\'81\'75\'93\'ee\'e9\'93\'81\'76\'92\'86\'8f\'8a\'95\'ef\'8a\'dc\'93\'49\'89\'c8\'8b\'5a\'95\'db\'8c\'ec\'91\'5b\'8e\'7b\lang1033\'81\'47\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1028\f1\'b7\tab\f6\'b9\'ef\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b6\'69\'a6\'e6\'c1\'d9\'ad\'ec\'a4\'75\'b5\'7b\'a1\'42\'b8\'d1\'bd\'73\'a9\'ce\'a4\'cf\'a6\'56\'b2\'d5\'c4\'b6\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a6\'fd\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'aa\'6b\'b3\'57\'a9\'fa\'a4\'e5\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'a9\'ce\'b8\'54\'a4\'ee\'a6\'b9\'ba\'d8\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'aa\'cc\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a4\'a3\'a6\'62\'a6\'b9\'ad\'ad\lang1033\'a1\'46\f3\par
\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'ac\'b0\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'bb\'73\'a7\'40\'aa\'ba\'ab\'fe\'a8\'a9\'bc\'c6\'b6\'71\'b6\'57\'b9\'4c\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'a9\'d2\'a9\'fa\'a9\'77\'a4\'a7\'bc\'c6\'b6\'71\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a9\'ce\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'aa\'6b\'b3\'57\'a9\'d2\'b3\'5c\'a5\'69\'a4\'a7\'bc\'c6\'b6\'71\lang1033\'a1\'46\f3\par
\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'b1\'4e\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b5\'6f\'a7\'47\'b5\'b9\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'a4\'48\'b6\'69\'a6\'e6\'bd\'c6\'bb\'73\lang1033\'a1\'46\f3\par
\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'a5\'58\'af\'b2\'a1\'42\'af\'b2\'b8\'ee\'a9\'ce\'a5\'58\'ad\'c9\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\lang1033\'a1\'46\lang1028\'a9\'ce\lang1033\f3\par
\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'a5\'48\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'b0\'d3\'b7\'7e\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a5\'44\'be\'f7\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'b3\'c6\'a5\'f7\'ab\'fe\'a8\'a9\'a1\'43\b0\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a5\'69\'a5\'48\'ac\'b0\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'bb\'73\'a7\'40\'a4\'40\'a5\'f7\'b3\'c6\'a5\'f7\'ab\'fe\'a8\'a9\'a1\'43\'b3\'6f\'a5\'f7\'b3\'c6\'a5\'f7\'ab\'fe\'a8\'a9\'a5\'75\'af\'e0\'a5\'ce\'a8\'d3\'ad\'ab\'b7\'73\'a6\'77\'b8\'cb\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 7.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'a4\'e5\'a5\'f3\'a1\'43\b0\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\'b1\'6f\'a6\'73\'a8\'fa\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a4\'ba\'b3\'a1\'ba\'f4\'b8\'f4\'aa\'ba\'a4\'48\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'ac\'d2\'b1\'6f\'a5\'48\'a9\'f3\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a4\'ba\'b3\'a1\'ab\'fe\'a8\'a9\'a4\'ce\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a6\'b9\'a4\'e5\'a5\'f3\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 8.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'a5\'58\'a4\'66\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a1\'43\b0\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a8\'fc\'a8\'ec\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'a5\'58\'a4\'66\'aa\'6b\'b3\'57\'a4\'a7\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a1\'43\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a5\'b2\'b6\'b7\'bf\'ed\'a6\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a9\'d2\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a4\'a7\'a4\'40\'a4\'c1\'a5\'bb\'b0\'ea\'a4\'ce\'b0\'ea\'bb\'da\'a5\'58\'a4\'66\'aa\'6b\'b3\'57\'a1\'43\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'aa\'6b\'b3\'57\'a5\'5d\'ac\'41\'a5\'d8\'aa\'ba\'a6\'61\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a1\'42\'b2\'d7\'ba\'dd\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'aa\'cc\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a9\'4d\'b2\'d7\'ba\'dd\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a5\'ce\'b3\'7e\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a1\'43\'a6\'70\'bb\'dd\'b8\'d4\'b2\'d3\'b8\'ea\'b0\'54\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'bd\'d0\'b0\'d1\'be\'5c\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\lang1028\ulnone\f6\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 9.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'a4\'e4\'b4\'a9\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a1\'43\lang1033\b0\f2 Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'ac\'b0\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'a4\'e4\'b4\'a9\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a4\'a7\'ac\'db\'c3\'f6\'bb\'a1\'a9\'fa\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'bd\'d0\'b0\'d1\'be\'5c\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\lang1028\ulnone\f6\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 10.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'a5\'fe\'b3\'a1\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'a1\'43\b0\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76 (\'a5\'5d\'ac\'41\'a5\'48\'a4\'55\'aa\'ba\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f) \'a9\'4d\'a4\'e4\'b4\'a9\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a4\'a7\'a5\'fe\'b3\'a1\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'ac\'4f\'a5\'d1\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'a5\'48\'a4\'ce \'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'aa\'ba\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'a1\'42\'a7\'f3\'b7\'73\'a1\'42\'a5\'48\'ba\'f4\'bb\'da\'ba\'f4\'b8\'f4\'ac\'b0\'b0\'f2\'c2\'a6\'aa\'ba\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a9\'4d\'a4\'e4\'b4\'a9\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a4\'a7\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a9\'d2\'ba\'63\'a6\'a8\'a1\'43\lang2070\b\f3\par
\lang1033\f2\fs20 11.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'b7\'c7\'be\'da\'aa\'6b\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2 a.\tab\lang1028\f6\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'a1\'43\b0\'ad\'59\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a6\'62\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'b9\'d2\'a4\'ba\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'a4\'a7\'b8\'d1\'c4\'c0\'a9\'ce\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\'b9\'48\'a4\'cf\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'a9\'d2\'ad\'6c\'a5\'cd\'aa\'ba\'b6\'44\'b3\'5e\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'b5\'4c\'bd\'d7\'ac\'4f\'a7\'5f\'a6\'b3\'aa\'6b\'b3\'57\'bd\'c4\'ac\'f0\'b2\'a3\'a5\'cd\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a7\'a1\'c0\'b3\'a5\'48\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'b5\'d8\'b2\'b1\'b9\'79\'a6\'7b\'a4\'a7\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'b0\'b5\'ac\'b0\'b7\'c7\'be\'da\'aa\'6b\'a1\'43\'a9\'d2\'a6\'b3\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'b6\'44\'b3\'5e\'ae\'d7\'a5\'f3\'b1\'4e\'a5\'48\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'7e\'a6\'ed\'a4\'a7\'a6\'7b\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'ac\'b0\'b7\'c7\'be\'da\'aa\'6b\'a1\'41\'a5\'5d\'a7\'74\'b9\'48\'a4\'cf\'a6\'7b\'ae\'f8\'b6\'4f\'aa\'cc\'ab\'4f\'c5\'40\'aa\'6b\'a1\'42\'a4\'a3\'b7\'ed\'c4\'76\'aa\'a7\'aa\'6b\'a9\'4d\'ab\'49\'c5\'76\'a5\'44\'b1\'69\'aa\'ba\'b6\'44\'b3\'5e\'ae\'d7\'a5\'f3\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f2 b.\tab\lang1028\f6\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'b9\'d2\'a5\'7e\'a1\'43\b0\'ad\'59\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a6\'62\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'a5\'48\'a5\'7e\'aa\'ba\'b0\'ea\'ae\'61\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a1\'41\'ab\'68\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'c0\'b3\'a5\'48\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a9\'7e\'a6\'ed\'a4\'a7\'b0\'ea\'ae\'61\'aa\'ba\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'ac\'b0\'b7\'c7\'be\'da\'aa\'6b\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'ae\'c4\'a4\'4f\'a1\'43\b0\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'b1\'d4\'ad\'7a\'a4\'46\'af\'53\'a9\'77\'aa\'ba\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\'a8\'cc\'be\'da\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'62\'a4\'a7\'a6\'7b\'a9\'ce\'b0\'ea\'ae\'61\'aa\'ba\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'b7\'7c\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\'a6\'b9\'a5\'7e\'a1\'41\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'aa\'ba\'b3\'e6\'a6\'ec\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'a4\'5d\'b7\'7c\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'ac\'db\'c3\'f6\'aa\'ba\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\'a6\'70\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'62\'a4\'a7\'a6\'7b\'a9\'ce\'b0\'ea\'ae\'61\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'a4\'a3\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'aa\'cc\'a1\'41\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'a8\'c3\'a5\'bc\'c5\'dc\'a7\'f3\'a8\'cc\'b7\'d3\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'62\'a4\'a7\'a6\'7b\'a9\'ce\'b0\'ea\'ae\'61\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'b5\'b9\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'aa\'ba\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13.\tab\lang1028\f6\fs19\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'b3\'64\'a5\'f4\'a4\'a7\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'bb\'50\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'a1\'43\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'b6\'c8\'af\'e0\'b4\'4e\'aa\'bd\'b1\'b5\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'a1\'41\'a5\'42\'a5\'48\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'c1\'ca\'b6\'52\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a9\'d2\'a4\'e4\'a5\'49\'a4\'a7\'aa\'f7\'c3\'42\'ac\'b0\'a4\'57\'ad\'ad\'a1\'41\'bd\'d0\'a8\'44\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'a4\'ce\'a8\'e4\'a8\'d1\'c0\'b3\'b0\'d3\'ad\'74\'be\'e1\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'bd\'df\'c0\'76\'b3\'64\'a5\'f4\'a1\'43\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'b5\'4c\'aa\'6b\'b4\'4e\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'aa\'ba\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'a1\'41\'a5\'5d\'ac\'41\'ad\'6c\'a5\'cd\'a9\'ca\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'a1\'42\'a7\'51\'bc\'ed\'b7\'6c\'a5\'a2\'a1\'42\'af\'53\'ae\'ed\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'a1\'42\'b6\'a1\'b1\'b5\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'a9\'ce\'aa\'fe\'c0\'48\'a9\'ca\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'a1\'41\'bd\'d0\'a8\'44\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'bd\'df\'c0\'76\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1028\b0\f6\'b3\'6f\'b6\'b5\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a9\'f3\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'bb\'50\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'42\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a1\'42\'b2\'c4\'a4\'54\'a4\'48\'ba\'f4\'af\'b8\'a4\'57\'aa\'ba\'a4\'ba\'ae\'65\lang1033\f2  (\lang1028\f6\'a5\'5d\'ac\'41\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'bd\'58\lang1033\f2 ) \lang1028\f6\'a9\'ce\'b2\'c4\'a4\'54\'a4\'48\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'ac\'db\'c3\'f6\'aa\'ba\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\'a8\'c6\'b6\'b5\'a1\'46\'a9\'4d\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'a6\'62\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'b3\'5c\'a5\'69\'aa\'ba\'bd\'64\'b3\'f2\'a4\'a7\'a4\'ba\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a6\'5d\'ac\'b0\'b9\'48\'a4\'cf\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'a1\'42\'ab\'4f\'c3\'d2\'a1\'42\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a9\'ce\'b1\'f8\'a5\'f3\'a1\'42\'b5\'4c\'b9\'4c\'a5\'a2\'b3\'64\'a5\'f4\'a1\'42\'b9\'4c\'a5\'a2\'a9\'ce\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'ab\'49\'c5\'76\'aa\'6b\'a9\'d2\'a5\'44\'b1\'69\'a4\'a7\'b6\'44\'b3\'5e\'ae\'d7\'a5\'f3\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1028\f6\'a7\'59\'a8\'cf\'ac\'4f\'a4\'55\'a6\'43\'b1\'a1\'aa\'70\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'b3\'6f\'b6\'b5\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a4\'b4\'b5\'4d\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a4\'a7\'ad\'d7\'b4\'5f\'a1\'42\'b4\'c0\'b4\'ab\'a9\'ce\'b0\'68\'b4\'da\'b5\'4c\'aa\'6b\'a7\'b9\'a5\'fe\'bd\'df\'c0\'76\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'be\'44\'a8\'fc\'a4\'a7\'b7\'6c\'a5\'a2\'a1\'46\'a9\'ce\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\f3\tab\f0 Microsoft\f2  \lang1028\f6\'a4\'77\'aa\'be\'a9\'ce\'a5\'69\'a6\'58\'b2\'7a\'b1\'6f\'aa\'be\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'b5\'6f\'a5\'cd\'aa\'ba\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'a9\'ca\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1028\f6\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'b9\'d2\'a4\'ba\'aa\'ba\'ac\'59\'a8\'c7\'a6\'7b\'a8\'c3\'a4\'a3\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'a9\'ce\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'aa\'fe\'c0\'48\'a9\'ca\'a9\'ce\'ad\'6c\'a5\'cd\'a9\'ca\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a6\'5d\'a6\'b9\'a4\'57\'ad\'7a\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a9\'ce\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'b3\'57\'a9\'77\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'a8\'c3\'a4\'a3\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a9\'f3\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a1\'43\'a6\'b9\'a5\'7e\'a1\'41\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'62\'b0\'ea\'ae\'61\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'a4\'a3\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'aa\'fe\'c0\'48\'a9\'ca\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'a1\'42\'ad\'6c\'a5\'cd\'a9\'ca\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'a9\'ce\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'a4\'a7\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'a9\'ce\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a1\'41\'b3\'6f\'ba\'d8\'b1\'a1\'aa\'70\'a4\'5d\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'b3\'79\'a6\'a8\'a4\'57\'ad\'7a\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a9\'ce\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'b3\'57\'a9\'77\'a8\'c3\'a4\'a3\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a9\'f3\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\lang1028\b\f6\'a6\'b3\'ad\'ad\'b7\'e5\'b2\'ab\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 A.\tab\lang1028\f6\'a6\'b3\'ad\'ad\'b7\'e5\'b2\'ab\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a1\'43\b0\'a5\'75\'ad\'6e\'a8\'cc\'b7\'d3\'a4\'55\'a6\'43\'bb\'a1\'a9\'fa\'a1\'41\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b1\'4e\'b7\'7c\'b9\'ea\'bd\'e8\'a6\'61\'b2\'c5\'a6\'58\'c0\'48\'aa\'fe\'a9\'ce\'a4\'ba\'aa\'fe\'a4\'a7\lang1033\f2  \f0 Microsoft\f2  \lang1028\f6\'bb\'a1\'a9\'fa\'a4\'e2\'a5\'55\'b0\'f5\'a6\'e6\'a4\'a7\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f0 B.\tab\lang1028\f6\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'b4\'c1\'ad\'ad\lang1033\'a1\'46\lang1028\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'b9\'ef\'b6\'48\lang1033\'a1\'46\lang1028\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\'c0\'71\'a5\'dc\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a4\'a7\'bd\'64\'b3\'f2\'a1\'43\'a6\'b3\'ad\'ad\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'b4\'c1\'ad\'ad\'ab\'fc\'aa\'ba\'ac\'4f\'a6\'db\'b2\'c4\'a4\'40\'a6\'ec\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'aa\'cc\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a4\'a7\'ab\'e1\'aa\'ba\'a4\'45\'a4\'51 (90) \'a4\'d1\'a5\'48\'a4\'ba\'a1\'43\'ad\'59\b0\'a1\'40\b\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'f3\'b8\'d3\'b4\'c1\'ad\'ad\'a4\'ba\'a6\'ac\'a8\'ec\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'a1\'42\'a7\'f3\'b7\'73\'a9\'ce\'a7\'f3\'b4\'ab\'a4\'a7\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'41\'a8\'e4\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'b4\'c1\'ad\'ad\'ac\'b0\'ad\'ec\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'b4\'c1\'ad\'ad\'a4\'a7\'b3\'d1\'be\'6c\'b4\'c1\'ad\'ad\'a9\'ce30\'a4\'d1\'a1\'5d\'b5\'f8\'b1\'45\'aa\'cc\'b8\'fb\'aa\'f8\'a1\'5e\'a1\'43\lang1033\b0\f0  \lang1028\f6\'ad\'59\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b8\'67\'b2\'c4\'a4\'40\'a6\'ec\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'aa\'cc\'b2\'be\'c2\'e0\'a1\'41\'ab\'68\'ad\'ec\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'b4\'c1\'ad\'ad\'a9\'d2\'be\'6c\'a4\'55\'a4\'a7\'a4\'e9\'bc\'c6\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a9\'f3\'b1\'b5\'a8\'fc\'b2\'be\'c2\'e0\'aa\'ba\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'aa\'cc\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1028\f6\'a6\'62\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'aa\'ba\'bd\'64\'b3\'f2\'a4\'ba\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a9\'d2\'a8\'e3\'a6\'b3\'aa\'ba\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\'c0\'71\'a5\'dc\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a1\'42\'ab\'4f\'c3\'d2\'a9\'ce\'b1\'f8\'a5\'f3\'b6\'c8\'a9\'f3\'b3\'6f\'ac\'71\'a6\'b3\'ad\'ad\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'b4\'c1\'b6\'a1\'a4\'ba\'a6\'b3\'ae\'c4\'a1\'43\lang1033\b0\f0  \lang1028\f6\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'aa\'ba\'ac\'59\'a8\'c7\'a6\'7b\'a8\'c3\'a4\'a3\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'b9\'ef\'c0\'71\'a5\'dc\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a4\'a7\'b4\'c1\'ad\'ad\'a6\'b3\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a1\'41\'a6\'5d\'a6\'b9\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'a8\'c3\'a4\'a3\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a9\'f3\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a1\'43\'a6\'b9\'a5\'7e\'a1\'41\'ac\'59\'a8\'c7\'b0\'ea\'ae\'61\'a5\'e7\'a4\'a3\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'b9\'ef\'c0\'71\'a5\'dc\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a4\'a7\'b4\'c1\'ad\'ad\'a6\'b3\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a1\'41\'a6\'5d\'a6\'b9\'a4\'57\'ad\'7a\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'a5\'e7\'a4\'a3\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'a9\'f3\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f0 C.\tab\lang1028\f6\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a4\'a7\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'a1\'43\b0\'a4\'5a\'ac\'4f\'a6\'5d\'ac\'b0\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'ad\'d3\'a4\'48\'aa\'ba\'a6\'e6\'b0\'ca\lang1033\f2  (\lang1028\f6\'a9\'ce\'a5\'bc\'b1\'c4\'a8\'fa\'a5\'b2\'ad\'6e\'a6\'e6\'b0\'ca\lang1033\f2 )\lang1028\f6\'a1\'42\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'a4\'48\'aa\'ba\'ad\'d3\'a4\'48\'a6\'e6\'b0\'ca\'a9\'d2\'b2\'a3\'a5\'cd\'aa\'ba\'b0\'dd\'c3\'44\'a1\'41\'a5\'48\'a4\'ce\'b6\'57\'a5\'58\lang1033\f2  \f0 Microsoft\f2  \lang1028\f6\'a6\'58\'b2\'7a\'b1\'b1\'a8\'ee\'bd\'64\'b3\'f2\'a4\'a7\'a5\'7e\'aa\'ba\'b0\'dd\'c3\'44\'a1\'41\'a7\'a1\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'a6\'62\'a5\'bb\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a4\'a7\'a5\'7e\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\b\f0 D.\tab\lang1028\f6\'b9\'48\'a4\'cf\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'ae\'c9\'aa\'ba\'b1\'cf\'c0\'d9\'c5\'76\'a1\'43\lang1033\f0 Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'c4\'40\'b7\'4e\'a7\'4b\'b6\'4f\'ad\'d7\'b4\'5f\'a9\'ce\'b4\'c0\'b4\'ab\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'a1\'43\'ad\'59\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'b5\'4c\'aa\'6b\'ad\'d7\'b4\'5f\'a9\'ce\'b4\'c0\'b4\'ab\lang1033\'a1\'41\'ab\'68\lang1028\'b1\'4e\'b7\'7c\'a8\'cc\'be\'da\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a6\'ac\'be\'da\'a4\'57\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'aa\'f7\'c3\'42\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'b0\'68\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\lang1033\f0 Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'b7\'7c\'a7\'4b\'b6\'4f\'ad\'d7\'b4\'5f\'a9\'ce\'b4\'c0\'b4\'ab\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'a1\'42\'a7\'f3\'b7\'73\'a9\'4d\'b4\'c0\'a5\'4e\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'43\'ad\'59\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'b5\'4c\'aa\'6b\'ad\'d7\'b4\'5f\'a9\'ce\'b4\'c0\'b4\'ab\'a1\'41\'ab\'68\'b1\'4e\'b0\'68\'c1\'d9\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a5\'fd\'ab\'65\'ac\'b0\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a9\'d2\'a4\'e4\'a5\'49\'aa\'ba\'aa\'f7\'c3\'42\'a1\'43\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a5\'b2\'b6\'b7\'b8\'d1\'b0\'a3\'a6\'77\'b8\'cb\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'41\'a8\'c3\'a5\'42\'b1\'4e\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\'b4\'43\'c5\'e9\'a1\'42\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'ac\'db\'c3\'f6\'b8\'ea\'ae\'c6\'a1\'41\'b3\'73\'a6\'50\'c1\'ca\'b6\'52\'c3\'d2\'a9\'fa\'a4\'40\'a8\'d6\'b0\'68\'c1\'d9\'b5\'b9\lang1033\f0 Microsoft\lang1028\f6\'a1\'41\'a5\'48\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'b0\'68\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\'b3\'6f\'a8\'c7\'ac\'4f\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'b4\'4e\'a6\'b3\'ad\'ad\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a8\'c9\'a6\'b3\'aa\'ba\'a5\'fe\'b3\'a1\'b1\'cf\'c0\'d9\'c5\'76\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\f0 E.\tab\lang1028\f6\'a4\'a3\'a8\'fc\'bc\'76\'c5\'54\'aa\'ba\'ae\'f8\'b6\'4f\'aa\'cc\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'62\'a6\'61\'b0\'cf\'aa\'ba\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'b7\'7c\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'c3\'42\'a5\'7e\'aa\'ba\'ae\'f8\'b6\'4f\'aa\'cc\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'b3\'6f\'ac\'4f\'a5\'bb\'a6\'58\'ac\'f9\'a8\'c3\'a5\'bc\'a7\'ef\'c5\'dc\'aa\'ba\'ae\'f8\'b6\'4f\'aa\'cc\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\f0 F.\tab\lang1028\f6\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'b5\'7b\'a7\'c7\'a1\'43\b0\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a5\'b2\'b6\'b7\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a4\'a7\'c1\'ca\'b6\'52\'c3\'d2\'a9\'fa\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f0 1.\tab\lang1028\f6\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'a9\'4d\'a5\'5b\'ae\'b3\'a4\'6a\'a1\'43\b0\'c3\'f6\'a9\'f3\'a6\'70\'a6\'f3\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'a6\'62\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'a9\'4d\'a5\'5b\'ae\'b3\'a4\'6a\'b9\'d2\'a4\'ba\'c1\'ca\'b1\'6f\'a4\'a7\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\'aa\'ba\'b0\'68\'b4\'da\'a1\'41\'bd\'d0\'b3\'7a\'b9\'4c\'a5\'48\'a4\'55\'b9\'71\'b8\'dc\'a9\'ce\'a6\'61\'a7\'7d\'bb\'50\lang1033\f2  \f0 Microsoft\f2  \lang1028\f6\'c1\'70\'b5\'b8\'a1\'41\'a5\'48\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a4\'a7\'b8\'ea\'b0\'54\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f1\'b7\f3\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT\f6\'a1\'46\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\f3       \f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399\f6\'a1\'41\lang1028\'a9\'ce\lang1033\f3\par
\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'ac\'64\'be\'5c\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\lang1028\ulnone\f6\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f0 2.\tab\lang1028\f6\'bc\'da\'ac\'77\'a1\'42\'a4\'a4\'aa\'46\'a6\'61\'b0\'cf\'a9\'4d\'ab\'44\'ac\'77\'a1\'43\b0\'ad\'59\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'ac\'4f\'a6\'62\'bc\'da\'ac\'77\'a1\'42\'a4\'a4\'aa\'46\'a6\'61\'b0\'cf\'a9\'ce\'ab\'44\'ac\'77\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'ab\'68\'a6\'b3\'ad\'ad\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'ac\'4f\'a5\'d1\lang1033\f2  \f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited\f2  \lang1028\f6\'a9\'d2\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'a1\'43\'ad\'59\'ad\'6e\'a6\'62\'a6\'b9\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a4\'a7\'a4\'55\'b4\'a3\'a5\'58\'af\'c1\'bd\'df\'a1\'41\'bd\'d0\'bb\'50\'a4\'55\'a6\'43\'be\'f7\'c3\'f6\'b3\'e6\'a6\'ec\'c1\'70\'b5\'b8\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f1\'b7\f3\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland\f6\'a1\'46\lang1028\'a9\'ce\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\lang1028\f7\tab\f6\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'62\'b0\'ea\'ae\'61\'a4\'a7\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'a4\'6c\'a4\'bd\'a5\'71\lang1033\f2  (\lang1028\f6\'bd\'d0\'b0\'d1\'be\'5c\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone\f2 )\lang1028\f6\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f0 3.\tab\lang1028\f6\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'a6\'61\'b0\'cf\'a1\'43\b0\'ad\'59\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'ac\'4f\'a6\'62\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'a1\'42\'a5\'5b\'ae\'b3\'a4\'6a\'a1\'42\'bc\'da\'ac\'77\'a1\'42\'a4\'a4\'aa\'46\'a6\'61\'b0\'cf\'a9\'4d\'ab\'44\'ac\'77\'a5\'48\'a5\'7e\'aa\'ba\'a6\'61\'b0\'cf\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'bd\'d0\'bb\'50\'a9\'d2\'a6\'62\'b0\'ea\'ae\'61\'a4\'a7\lang1033\f2  \f0 Microsoft\f2  \lang1028\f6\'a4\'6c\'a4\'bd\'a5\'71\'c1\'70\'b5\'b8\lang1033\f2  (\lang1028\f6\'bd\'d0\'b0\'d1\'be\'5c\lang1033  \cf1\ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone\f2 )\lang1028\f6\'a1\'43\'a6\'62\'a5\'78\'c6\'57\'a1\'41\'bd\'d0\'ad\'50\'b9\'71\lang1033\f0  (886) (2) 3725-3888\lang1028\f6\'a1\'41\'a9\'ce\'c2\'73\'c4\'fd\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/Taiwan/\cf0\lang1028\ulnone\f6\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 G.\tab\lang1028\f6\'a4\'a3\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a1\'43\'a6\'b3\'ad\'ad\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'ac\'4f\lang1033\f2  \f0 Microsoft\f2  \lang1028\f6\'aa\'bd\'b1\'b5\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'aa\'ba\'a5\'fe\'b3\'a1\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a1\'43\lang1033\f0 Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'a4\'a3\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'a9\'fa\'a5\'dc\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a1\'42\'ab\'4f\'c3\'d2\'a9\'ce\'b1\'f8\'a5\'f3\'a1\'43\'a6\'62\'b7\'ed\'a6\'61\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'a4\'55\'a1\'41\lang1033\f0 Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'be\'41\'b0\'e2\'a9\'ca\'a1\'42\'be\'41\'a6\'58\'ac\'59\'af\'53\'a9\'77\'a5\'ce\'b3\'7e\'a9\'ce\'a5\'bc\'ab\'49\'c5\'76\'a4\'a7\'c0\'71\'a5\'dc\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a1\'43\lang1033\f0  \lang1028\b0\f6\'ad\'59\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'62\'a6\'61\'b0\'cf\'aa\'ba\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'bd\'e1\'a4\'a9\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a5\'f4\'a6\'f3\'a5\'bb\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'b3\'57\'a9\'77\'a4\'a7\'a5\'7e\'aa\'ba\'c0\'71\'a5\'dc\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'a1\'42\'ab\'4f\'c3\'d2\'a9\'ce\'b1\'f8\'a5\'f3\'a1\'41\'ab\'68\'a6\'62\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a6\'62\'a6\'61\'b0\'cf\'aa\'ba\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'a9\'d2\'a4\'b9\'b3\'5c\'aa\'ba\'bd\'64\'b3\'f2\'a4\'a7\'a4\'ba\'a1\'41\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'b1\'6f\'a8\'c9\'a6\'b3\'ab\'65\'a4\'e5\'a4\'a4\'a1\'75\'b9\'48\'a4\'cf\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'ae\'c9\'aa\'ba\'b1\'cf\'c0\'d9\'c5\'76\'a1\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a9\'d2\'b4\'79\'ad\'7a\'aa\'ba\'b1\'cf\'c0\'d9\'c5\'76\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\f0 H.\tab\lang1028\f6\'b9\'48\'a4\'cf\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'ae\'c9\'aa\'ba\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'b3\'64\'a5\'f4\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'a4\'ce\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'a1\'43\'b9\'48\'a4\'cf\'b3\'6f\'b6\'b5\'a6\'b3\'ad\'ad\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'ae\'c9\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'ab\'68\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'ab\'65\'a4\'e5\'a4\'a4\'aa\'ba\'a1\'75\'b7\'6c\'ae\'60\'b3\'64\'a5\'f4\'a4\'a7\'ad\'ad\'a8\'ee\'bb\'50\'b1\'c6\'b0\'a3\'a1\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1028\f6\'a5\'bb\'be\'e1\'ab\'4f\'b1\'c2\'a4\'a9\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'af\'53\'a9\'77\'a4\'a7\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'41\'a5\'42\'ae\'da\'be\'da\'ac\'fc\'b0\'ea\'a6\'55\'a6\'7b\'aa\'ba\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'a1\'41\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a5\'e7\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'a8\'c9\'a6\'b3\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\'ae\'da\'be\'da\'a6\'55\'b0\'ea\'aa\'6b\'ab\'df\'a1\'41\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a5\'e7\'a5\'69\'af\'e0\'c1\'d9\'a8\'c9\'a6\'b3\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\f7\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1033\b0\f0\fs20\par
\b\fs28 MICROSOFT \lang1028\f6\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C \lang1028\f6\'a4\'a7\lang1033\f0  DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'a4\'bd\'a5\'71\lang1033\f0  (\lang1028\f6\'a9\'ce\'a8\'e4\'c3\'f6\'ab\'59\'a5\'f8\'b7\'7e\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'b5\'f8\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a9\'d2\'a9\'7e\'a6\'ed\'aa\'ba\'a6\'61\'c2\'49\'a6\'d3\'a9\'77\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1028\f6\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a5\'bb\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'a1\'43\'ad\'59\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\lang1033  \f0 Microsoft DirectX \lang1028\f6\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\lang1033  \f0 (\lang1028\f6\'a1\'75\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'76\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1028\f6\'a4\'a7\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'a1\'41\'a7\'59\'a5\'69\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a5\'bb\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'a1\'43\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'ad\'59\'a5\'bc\'a8\'fa\'b1\'6f\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'a1\'41\'a7\'59\'a4\'a3\'b1\'6f\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a5\'bb\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'a1\'43\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'be\'d6\'a6\'b3\'a4\'a7\'a8\'43\'a5\'f7\'a6\'b3\'ae\'c4\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'a1\'41\'b6\'c8\'b1\'6f\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a4\'40\'a5\'f7\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\lang1028\f6\'a5\'48\'a4\'55\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b4\'da\'b1\'f8\'bb\'a1\'a9\'fa\'a5\'bb\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'a4\'a7\'a8\'e4\'a5\'4c\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'a5\'bb\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'ae\'c9\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'bd\'d0\'bf\'ed\'a6\'75\'a4\'57\'ad\'7a\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'bb\'50\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\'ad\'59\'b5\'6f\'a5\'cd\'a8\'cf\'a5\'ce\'aa\'a7\'c4\'b3\'a1\'41\'a5\'e7\'be\'41\'a5\'ce\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\b\f4\'fa\'9d\'95\'e2\'92\'f6\'8e\'ae\'88\'ea\'e3\'53\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'81\'43\'91\'a6\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'81\'40\'8b\'4d\'97\'70\f8\'fb\'c2\f4\'93\'af\'88\'d3\'90\'da\'8e\'f3\'94\'87\'8d\'b1\'8e\'f6\'9e\'dc\'9e\'8a\'8a\'bc\'81\'42\'8e\'e1\'81\'40\'8b\'4d\'97\'70\f8\'fb\'c2\f4\'95\'73\'93\'af\'88\'d3\'94\'87\'8d\'b1\'8e\'f6\'9e\'dc\'9e\'8a\'8a\'bc\'81\'43\'90\'bf\'95\'73\'97\'76\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'fa\'9d\'95\'e2\'92\'f6\'8e\'ae\'81\'42\f3\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1028\f6\'ad\'59\'a1\'40\'b6\'51\'a5\'ce\'a4\'e1\'bf\'ed\'a6\'75\'a5\'bb\'b1\'c2\'c5\'76\'b1\'f8\'b4\'da\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'b1\'6f\'a8\'c9\'a6\'b3\'a5\'48\'a4\'55\'a6\'55\'b6\'b5\'c5\'76\'a7\'51\'a1\'43\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2 1.\tab\lang1028\f6\'bc\'57\'b8\'c9\'b5\'7b\'a6\'a1\'a4\'e4\'b4\'a9\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a1\'43\lang1033\b0\f2 Microsoft \lang1028\f6\'ac\'b0\'b3\'6e\'c5\'e9\'b4\'a3\'a8\'d1\'a4\'e4\'b4\'a9\'aa\'41\'b0\'c8\'a4\'a7\'ac\'db\'c3\'f6\'bb\'a1\'a9\'fa\lang1033\'a1\'41\lang1028\'bd\'d0\'b0\'d1\'be\'5c\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0 www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\lang1028\ulnone\f6\'a1\'43\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\fs19\par
\par
\cf1\lang1043\b0\v\f0 [KOREAN]\par
\cf0\lang1033\b\v0\fs28 MICROSOFT \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT ZOO TYCOON 2: MARINE MANIA \f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1042\b0\f8\fs19\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  Microsoft Corporation(\lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'aa\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'fb\'b6\'f3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'bf\'ad\'bb\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'df\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'cf\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0 )\lang1042\f8\'b0\'fa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'a3\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'bc\'b0\'e1\'b5\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'c0\'d4\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\cf2\lang1033\kerning22\f0 .\cf0\kerning0   \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d0\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\'bd\'c3\'b1\'e2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d9\'b6\'f8\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'bc\'ad\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'a7\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'ed\'bd\'c3\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'f7\'c7\'d4\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'c5\'c3\'bc\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'c5\'c3\'bc\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'b0\'b8\'f1\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b0\'b5\'b5\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'e0\'c1\'a4\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'be\'f7\'b5\'a5\'c0\'cc\'c6\'ae\lang1033\f0 , \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\lang1033\f0 , \par
\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'c0\'ce\'c5\'cd\'b3\'dd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b9\'dd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'f8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1042\f8\'bf\'cd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'b0\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'bf\'a1\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\kerning22\f0 .\kerning0   \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b0\'b5\'b5\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'e0\'c1\'a4\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'e0\'c1\'a4\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\lang1042\b\f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d4\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\'bd\'e1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'c6\'b7\'a1\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'b5\'e9\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'bf\'c0\'c7\'c7\'cf\'b0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'bf\'c0\'c7\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\'bf\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'b6\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\'c7\'cf\'bd\'c5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'b8\'ae\'c1\'a1\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'dd\'c8\'af\'c7\'cf\'bf\'a9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'af\'ba\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c0\'b8\'bd\'c3\'b0\'c5\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'b8\'a5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'b8\'c5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bd\'c3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'bd\'c3\'b1\'e2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d9\'b6\'f8\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b0   \lang1042\f8\'c8\'af\'ba\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f8\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , Microsoft \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'a2\'df\'b8\'b6\'c0\'cc\'c5\'a9\'b7\'ce\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ae\'c0\'c7\'c7\'cf\'bc\'c5\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1042\f8\'c8\'af\'ba\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a4\'c3\'a5\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'da\'bc\'bc\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b3\'bb\'bf\'eb\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'c8\'b3\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c0\'b8\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 .  Microsoft \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'bf\'ad\'bb\'e7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'ac\'b6\'f4\'c3\'b3\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\lang1042\ulnone\f8\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c2\'fc\'c1\'b6\'c7\'cf\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 .  \cf2\lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\'b1\'b9\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  82-2-531-4500\lang1042\f8\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ae\'c0\'c7\'c7\'cf\'b0\'c5\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/korea/\cf2\lang1042\ulnone\f8\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c2\'fc\'c1\'b6\'c7\'cf\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 .\cf0\f3\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1042\b\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d8\'bc\'f6\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'eb\'b5\'e6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'a2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'c6\'b7\'a1\'bf\'cd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'b0\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'c7\'d1\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 1.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'b0\'b3\'bf\'e4\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2 a.\tab\lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'a5\'bd\'ba\'c5\'a9\'c5\'e9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'c0\'bf\'eb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'c1\'b7\'ce\'b1\'d7\'b7\'a5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'f7\'c7\'d4\'b5\'c7\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f2 b.\tab\lang1042\f8\'b6\'f3\'c0\'cc\'bc\'be\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f0\'b5\'a8\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'e5\'c4\'a1\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'dc\'c0\'a7\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 2.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'bc\'b3\'c4\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'e5\'c4\'a1\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'e5\'c4\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'e5\'c4\'a1\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'bb\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'e5\'c4\'a1\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'cf\'b3\'aa\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'b3\'c4\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 3.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'e4\'b1\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0 /\lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 4.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'c0\'ce\'c5\'cd\'b3\'dd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b9\'dd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f0 . \b0  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'cd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d4\'b2\'b2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'ce\'c5\'cd\'b3\'dd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b9\'dd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'b0\'f8\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b7\'af\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'f0\'c1\'a6\'b6\'f3\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'af\'b0\'e6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'df\'b4\'dc\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 5.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fc\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'c7\'b8\'c5\'b5\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'cd\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'c6\'b4\'cf\'b6\'f3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'a9\'b5\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'cd\'c0\'d4\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 . \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'bf\'a1\'b0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'c7\'d1\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'c5\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f0\'b5\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'c7\'d1\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'af\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b7\'af\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'b0\'fa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'fc\'b0\'e8\'be\'f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'bf\'a1\'b0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'b9\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'c7\'d1\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'bc\'ad\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'ed\'bd\'c3\'c0\'fb\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'b5\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\'c7\'d8\'bc\'ad\'b8\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d7\'b7\'b8\'b0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'af\'c1\'a4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e6\'bd\'c4\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\'b8\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b5\'b5\'b7\'cf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f0\'b5\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'bc\'fa\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d7\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d8\'bc\'f6\'c7\'d8\'be\'df\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'da\'bc\'bc\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b3\'bb\'bf\'eb\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\lang1042\ulnone\f8\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c2\'fc\'c1\'b6\'c7\'cf\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'c0\'bd\'b0\'fa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'b0\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'b5\'c7\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1042\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'bc\'fa\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d7\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'a7\'b9\'dd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'ed\'bd\'c3\'c0\'fb\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'bf\'dc\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'ae\'b9\'f6\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'a3\'c1\'f6\'b4\'cf\'be\'ee\'b8\'b5\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b5\'f0\'c4\'c4\'c6\'c4\'c0\'cf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'f0\'bd\'ba\'be\'ee\'bc\'c0\'ba\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'db\'be\'f7\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'c0\'cc\'b7\'af\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d4\'c1\'a4\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'c0\'bd\'bf\'a1\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'b1\'b8\'c7\'cf\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'bc\'ad\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'ed\'bd\'c3\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'cd\'ba\'b8\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'cd\'ba\'b8\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'b9\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\'ba\'bb\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'b8\'b5\'e5\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'b4\'d9\'b8\'a5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'b6\'f7\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b5\'b5\'b7\'cf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'d4\'bd\'c3\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d3\'b4\'eb\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'bf\'a9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'ba\'ce\lang1033\f3\par
\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'bb\'f3\'be\'f7\'bf\'eb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'a3\'bd\'ba\'c6\'c3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f2\fs20 6.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'b9\'e9\'be\'f7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'b3\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \f8\'bc\'d2\lang1042\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e9\'be\'f7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\'ba\'bb\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'b8\'b5\'e9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e9\'be\'f7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\'ba\'bb\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'bd\'c3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'b3\'c4\'a1\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 7.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'bc\'b3\'b8\'ed\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c4\'c4\'c7\'bb\'c5\'cd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b3\'bb\'ba\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b3\'d7\'c6\'ae\'bf\'f6\'c5\'a9\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'af\'c8\'bf\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'d7\'bc\'bc\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'c7\'d1\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c0\'da\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b3\'bb\'ba\'ce\'c0\'fb\'c0\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c2\'fc\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f1\'c0\'fb\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'b3\'b8\'ed\'bc\'ad\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 8.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'bc\'f6\'c3\'e2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'cc\'b1\'b9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'c3\'e2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d4\'c1\'a4\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f0\'b5\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'b3\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'c1\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'c3\'e2\'b9\'fd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d4\'c1\'a4\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d8\'bc\'f6\'c7\'d8\'be\'df\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b7\'af\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'bf\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'eb\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c3\'d6\'c1\'be\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c0\'da\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'d6\'c1\'be\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'eb\'b5\'b5\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'f7\'c7\'d4\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'da\'bc\'bc\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d7\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\lang1042\ulnone\f8\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c2\'fc\'c1\'b6\'c7\'cf\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 9.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'c1\'f6\'bf\'f8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f0 .  \b0 Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\lang1042\ulnone\f8\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'bc\'fa\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'f8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'b0\'f8\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 10.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'c0\'fc\'b8\'e9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\lang1033\f0 (\lang1042\f8\'be\'c6\'b7\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'f7\'c7\'d4\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c3\'e6\'b9\'b0\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'be\'f7\'b5\'a5\'c0\'cc\'c6\'ae\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c0\'ce\'c5\'cd\'b3\'dd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b9\'dd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'f8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'f8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fc\'b8\'e9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'c0\'d4\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\f2\fs20 11.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'c1\'d8\'b0\'c5\'b9\'fd\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\fs20 a.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'b9\'cc\'b1\'b9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'cc\'b1\'b9\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'f3\'c3\'e6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'a9\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'fc\'b0\'e8\'be\'f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'bc\'ae\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'f6\'bd\'cc\'c5\'cf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\'b9\'fd\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'fb\'b8\'a3\'b8\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'a7\'b9\'dd\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'bb\'b1\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'df\'bb\'fd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bd\'c3\'bf\'a1\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'f6\'bd\'cc\'c5\'cf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\'b9\'fd\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'ba\'f1\'c0\'da\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c8\'a3\'b9\'fd\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'b0\'f8\'c1\'a4\'b0\'c5\'b7\'a1\'b9\'fd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'c5\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'b9\'fd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'fc\'b7\'c3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'bb\'b1\'b8\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'df\'bb\'fd\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\'c7\'cf\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\'b9\'fd\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 b.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'b9\'cc\'b1\'b9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'dc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'aa\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'bc\'ad\'bf\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\'b9\'ce\'b1\'b9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\fs20 12.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'b9\'fd\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'bf\'b7\'c2\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'af\'c1\'a4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'bc\'fa\'c7\'cf\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\'c7\'cf\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'b0\'a1\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'e5\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'b8\'a5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'af\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'b8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'cd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'fc\'b7\'c3\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'af\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\'c7\'cf\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'b0\'a1\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'b0\'a1\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'af\'b0\'e6\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2\fs20 13.\tab\lang1042\f8\fs19\'bc\'d5\'c7\'d8\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d4\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f7\'c1\'a2\'c0\'fb\'c0\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'c7\'d8\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'d6\'b4\'eb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'ba\'d2\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'dd\'be\'d7\'b8\'b8\'c5\'ad\lang1033\f0  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'bf\'cd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'f8\'b1\'de\'c0\'da\'b7\'ce\'ba\'ce\'c5\'cd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'bb\'f3\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 . \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e1\'b0\'fa\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'bd\'c7\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'c0\'cd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'bd\'c7\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c6\'af\'ba\'b0\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b0\'a3\'c1\'a2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bc\'f6\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'bd\'c7\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'f7\'c7\'d4\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'c5\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f0\'b5\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'bd\'c7\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d8\'bc\'ad\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'bb\'f3\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'f8\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1042\b0\f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d7\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'c0\'bd\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'c1\'a6\lang1033\f0 3\lang1042\f8\'c0\'da\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'ce\'c5\'cd\'b3\'dd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c0\'cc\'c6\'ae\lang1033\'bb\'f3\lang1042\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c4\'dc\'c5\'d9\'c3\'f7\lang1033\f0 (\lang1042\f8\'c4\'da\'b5\'e5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'f7\'c7\'d4\lang1033\f0 ) \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\lang1033\f0 3\lang1042\f8\'c0\'da\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'c1\'b7\'ce\'b1\'d7\'b7\'a5\'b0\'fa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'fc\'b7\'c3\'c7\'cf\'bf\'a9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'df\'bb\'fd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f0\'b5\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ae\'c1\'a6\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'a7\'b9\'dd\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'e5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'c0\'cc\'c7\'e0\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ab\'b0\'fa\'bd\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'a5\'c0\'d3\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b0\'fa\'bd\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fc\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b3\'bb\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'c5\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'b9\'fd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'ee\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'ce\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'bb\'b1\'b8\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d7\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'c0\'bd\'b0\'fa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'b0\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\'bf\'a1\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b8\'ae\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b3\'c8\'af\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'af\'ba\'d2\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d4\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'bd\'c7\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'e6\'ba\'d0\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'bb\'f3\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'c7\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d7\'b7\'af\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'c7\'d8\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'a1\'b4\'c9\'bc\'ba\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c0\'fc\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'cb\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'be\'fa\'b0\'c5\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'cb\'be\'c6\'be\'df\'b8\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'df\'b4\'f8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1042\f8\'c0\'cf\'ba\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bc\'f6\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e1\'b0\'fa\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'c7\'d8\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'b8\'b9\'c7\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'a7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'cc\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'bf\'a1\'b0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'c7\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\'c7\'cf\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'b0\'a1\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bc\'f6\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c6\'c4\'bb\'fd\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'c5\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'c7\'d8\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\'bf\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'a7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'cc\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'c7\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\qc\lang1042\b\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'fb\lang1036\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 A.\tab\lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0 .\b0   \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bd\'c3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d7\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d7\'b4\'eb\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d8\'bc\'f6\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'ba\'bb\'c0\'fb\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'f7\'c7\'d4\'b5\'c7\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'be\'fa\'b0\'c5\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'bf\'ba\'c0\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1042\f8\'bc\'b3\'b8\'ed\'bc\'ad\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'ed\'bd\'c3\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'db\'b5\'bf\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'cd\'c0\'d4\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\f0 B.\tab\lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'bb\'f3\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ac\'bd\'c3\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'d6\'c3\'ca\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c0\'da\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'eb\'b5\'e6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'c4\lang1033\f0  90\f8\'c0\'cf\lang1042\'b0\'a3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'e5\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\caps\f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'bf\'be\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c3\'e6\'b9\'b0\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'be\'f7\'b5\'a5\'c0\'cc\'c6\'ae\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b3\'c8\'af\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b5\'e9\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b3\'aa\'b8\'d3\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\'b0\'fa\lang1033\f0  30\lang1042\f8\'c0\'cf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'df\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\caps0\f0 .\b0   \lang1042\f8\'c3\'d6\'c3\'ca\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c0\'da\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'e7\'b5\'b5\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b3\'aa\'b8\'d3\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d7\'b4\'eb\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b7\'c9\'c0\'da\'bf\'a1\'b0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\lang1042\b\f8\'b9\'ac\'bd\'c3\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'e5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'bf\'be\'c8\'b8\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b8\'bc\'d3\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b0   \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cf\'ba\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ac\'bd\'c3\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b8\'bc\'d3\'b5\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'b8\'b9\'c7\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b7\'af\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'c7\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cf\'ba\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'b0\'a1\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ac\'bd\'c3\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'e5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b8\'bc\'d3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'b0\'a3\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'b8\'b9\'c7\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'a7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'c7\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab\lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\lang1033\f0 .\b0   \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f0 (\lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cf\'c1\'a4\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'c6\'b4\'cf\'c7\'d4\lang1033\f0 ), \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'b8\'a5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'b6\'f7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e0\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d5\'b8\'ae\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c5\'eb\'c1\'a6\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fe\'be\'ee\'b3\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d7\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'ce\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'df\'bb\'fd\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ae\'c1\'a6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'f7\'c7\'d4\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\b D.\tab\lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'c0\'cc\'c7\'e0\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'bb\'f3\lang1033\f0 .  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ab\'b7\'e1\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b8\'ae\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b3\'c8\'af\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'e5\'b8\'b3\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b8\'ae\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b3\'c8\'af\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'b0\'a1\'b4\'c9\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bd\'c3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'b5\'bc\'f6\'c1\'f5\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'c0\'d4\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'dd\'be\'d7\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'af\'ba\'d2\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'e5\'b8\'b3\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c3\'e6\'b9\'b0\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'be\'f7\'b5\'a5\'c0\'cc\'c6\'ae\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b3\'c8\'af\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ab\'b7\'e1\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b8\'ae\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b3\'c8\'af\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'e5\'b8\'b3\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b8\'ae\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b3\'c8\'af\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'b0\'a1\'b4\'c9\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bd\'c3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'ba\'d2\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'dd\'be\'d7\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'af\'ba\'d2\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'e5\'b8\'b3\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'af\'ba\'d2\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c0\'b8\'b7\'c1\'b8\'e9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'b0\'c5\'c7\'cf\'bd\'c3\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f5\'b8\'ed\'b0\'fa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d4\'b2\'b2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f0\'b5\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'c5\'c3\'bc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'e2\'c5\'b8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'fc\'b7\'c3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'da\'b7\'e1\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'dd\'c8\'af\'c7\'d8\'be\'df\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'c0\'cc\'c7\'e0\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'af\'c0\'cf\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'bb\'f3\'c0\'d4\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
E.\tab\lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'ba\'f1\'c0\'da\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'b5\'c7\'e2\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'c0\'bd\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'aa\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'fb\'b8\'a5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\'c0\'fb\'c0\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'ba\'f1\'c0\'da\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'af\'c7\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'c0\'b8\'b8\'e7\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'be\'e0\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c5\'eb\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'af\'b0\'e6\'b5\'c7\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 F.\tab\lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fd\'c2\'f7\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1036\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'b8\'a6\lang1036\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c0\'b8\'b7\'c1\'b8\'e9\lang1036\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\lang1036\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f5\'b8\'ed\'c0\'cc\lang1036\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'ca\'bf\'e4\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1036\f0 .\lang1033\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f0 1.\tab\lang1042\f8\'b9\'cc\'b1\'b9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c4\'b3\'b3\'aa\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b0   \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'cc\'b1\'b9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c4\'b3\'b3\'aa\'b4\'d9\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c8\'af\'ba\'d2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'de\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e6\'b9\'fd\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b3\'bb\'bf\'eb\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'c0\'bd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'ac\'b6\'f4\'c3\'b3\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c5\'eb\'c7\'d8\lang1033\f0  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ae\'c0\'c7\'c7\'cf\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f1\'b7      \f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f3\par
\cf1\f1\'b7      \ul\f0 www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone  \lang1042\f8\'c2\'fc\'c1\'b6\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f0 2.\tab\lang1042\f8\'c0\'af\'b7\'b4\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c1\'df\'b5\'bf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'c6\'c7\'c1\'b8\'ae\'c4\'ab\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'c0\'af\'b7\'b4\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c1\'df\'b5\'bf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'c6\'c7\'c1\'b8\'ae\'c4\'ab\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited\lang1042\f8\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'b0\'f8\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'fb\'b6\'f3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c3\'bb\'b1\'b8\'c7\'cf\'b7\'c1\'b8\'e9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'c0\'bd\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'ac\'b6\'f4\'c3\'b3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'df\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'f7\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ae\'c0\'c7\'c7\'cf\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 .\b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland, \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \par
\lang1042\f1\'b7\tab\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'b0\'a1\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'b0\'f8\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'bf\'ad\'bb\'e7\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'ac\'b6\'f4\'c7\'cf\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 (\cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone  \lang1042\f8\'c2\'fc\'c1\'b6\lang1033\f0 ).  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 3.\tab\lang1042\f8\'b9\'cc\'b1\'b9\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c4\'b3\'b3\'aa\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c0\'af\'b7\'b4\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c1\'df\'b5\'bf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'c6\'c7\'c1\'b8\'ae\'c4\'ab\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'dc\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'aa\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\b0\f8\'b9\'cc\'b1\'b9\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c4\'b3\'b3\'aa\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c0\'af\'b7\'b4\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c1\'df\'b5\'bf\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'c6\'c7\'c1\'b8\'ae\'c4\'ab\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'bf\'dc\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'aa\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b8\'c0\'d4\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'b0\'a1\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'b0\'f8\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  Microsoft \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e8\'bf\'ad\'bb\'e7\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bf\'ac\'b6\'f4\'c7\'cf\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 (\cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone  \lang1042\f8\'c2\'fc\'c1\'b6\lang1033\f0 ). \cf2\lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\'b1\'b9\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  82-2-531-4500\lang1042\f8\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ae\'c0\'c7\'c7\'cf\'b0\'c5\'b3\'aa\lang1033\f0  \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/korea/\cf2\lang1042\ulnone\f8\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c2\'fc\'c1\'b6\'c7\'cf\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033\f0 .\cf0  \b\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 G.\tab\lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'b8\'a5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'f8\'c0\'bd\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'b0\'f8\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'af\'c0\'cf\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f7\'c1\'a2\'c0\'fb\'c0\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'d4\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'bf\'dc\'bf\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ee\'b6\'b0\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'ed\'bd\'c3\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'e5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'bd\'c3\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'be\'ca\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'aa\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0 , Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bb\'f3\'be\'f7\'bc\'ba\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c6\'af\'c1\'a4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'f1\'c0\'fb\'bf\'a1\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'c7\'d5\'bc\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'f1\'c4\'a7\'c7\'d8\'bc\'ba\'b0\'fa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'fc\'b7\'c3\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ac\'bd\'c3\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\b0   \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b5\'fb\'b6\'f3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'bf\'a1\'b0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'ac\'bd\'c3\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c0\'e5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0 , \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b7\'af\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\'bf\'a1\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'b1\'b8\'c7\'cf\'b0\'ed\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'bb\'f3\'c0\'ba\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'f6\'bf\'aa\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'b1\'d4\'b0\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c7\'e3\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fc\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b3\'bb\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'a7\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'c0\'cc\'c7\'e0\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'bb\'f3\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b8\'ed\'bd\'c3\'b5\'c8\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'cc\'b7\'e7\'be\'ee\'c1\'fd\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\b H.\tab\lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'c0\'cc\'c7\'e0\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'c7\'d8\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'a7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'d5\'c7\'d8\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'d7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'e8\'c1\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'c0\'cc\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'a6\'c7\'d1\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'d2\'c0\'cc\'c7\'e0\'bf\'a1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'d7\'b4\'eb\'b7\'ce\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'b8\'c1\'f5\'bf\'a1\'bc\'ad\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'bf\'a1\'b0\'d4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c6\'af\'c1\'a4\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b9\'fd\'c0\'fb\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'c7\'cf\'b8\'e7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c1\'d6\'b8\'b6\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .  \lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'c7\'d1\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'c0\'c7\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'c7\'b8\'ae\'b4\'c2\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b1\'b9\'b0\'a1\'b8\'b6\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'b8\'a6\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'bc\'f6\'b5\'b5\lang1033\f0  \lang1042\f8\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033\f0 .\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20\par
\b\fs28 MICROSOFT \lang1042\f9\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f8  \lang1042\f9\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033\f8  \lang1042\f9\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\lang1033\f3\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C FOR MICROSOFT DIRECTX \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 Microsoft Corporation(\lang1042\f8\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'c5\'c1\'d6\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'f6\'bf\'aa\'bf\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b5\'fb\'b6\'f3\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'e8\'bf\'ad\'bb\'e7\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'df\lang1033  \lang1042\'c7\'cf\'b3\'aa\lang1033 )\lang1042\'c0\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'bf\'a1\'b0\'d4\lang1033  \lang1042\'ba\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'c0\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'c0\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033 .  \lang1042\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033  (\f0\ldblquote\lang1042\f8\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033\f0\rdblquote\f8 )\lang1042\'bf\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'c0\'cc\lang1033  \lang1042\'c0\'d6\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033\f0  Microsoft DirectX \lang1042\f8\'c0\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'b8\'a6\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d2\lang1033  \lang1042\'bc\'f6\lang1033  \lang1042\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033 .  \lang1042\'c7\'d8\'b4\'e7\lang1033  \lang1042\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'c0\'cc\lang1033  \lang1042\'be\'f8\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\'bf\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'b5\'b5\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d2\lang1033  \lang1042\'bc\'f6\lang1033  \lang1042\'be\'f8\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033 .  \lang1042\'c0\'fb\'b9\'fd\'c7\'cf\'b0\'d4\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\'c0\'cc\lang1033  \lang1042\'ba\'ce\'bf\'a9\'b5\'c8\lang1033  \lang1042\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'c0\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'a2\lang1033  \lang1042\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\'ba\'bb\'bf\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'be\'f7\'b5\'a5\'c0\'cc\'c6\'ae\lang1033  \lang1042\'b6\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'ba\'b8\'c3\'e6\'b9\'b0\'c0\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'ba\'b9\'bb\'e7\'ba\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'c7\'cf\'b3\'aa\'b8\'a6\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d2\lang1033  \lang1042\'bc\'f6\lang1033  \lang1042\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033 .\f3\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\lang1042\f8\'b4\'d9\'c0\'bd\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'c0\'ba\lang1033\b\f0  \lang1042\b0\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'bf\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033  \lang1042\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\'c0\'fb\'c0\'ce\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'c0\'d4\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033 .  \lang1042\'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033  \lang1042\'c0\'cc\'b7\'af\'c7\'d1\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'b9\'d7\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'c0\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'c0\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'bf\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033 .  \lang1042\'bb\'f3\'c3\'e6\'b5\'c7\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\'bf\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'ba\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'c0\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'c0\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'c0\'fb\'bf\'eb\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033 .  \f3\par
\lang1042\b\f8\'c0\'cc\lang1033  \lang1042\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'b8\'a6\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'cd\'c0\'b8\'b7\'ce\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'cd\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'be\'c6\'b7\'a1\'c0\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'b6\'b0\'c7\'b5\'e9\'bf\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b5\'bf\'c0\'c7\'c7\'cf\'b0\'d4\lang1033  \lang1042\'b5\'cb\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033 .  \lang1042\'b5\'bf\'c0\'c7\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033  \lang1042\'be\'ca\'c0\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\'bf\'a1\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'b8\'a6\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'c7\'cf\'c1\'f6\lang1033  \lang1042\'b8\'b6\'bd\'ca\'bd\'c3\'bf\'c0\lang1033 .\f3\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1042\f8\'ba\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'bb\'e7\'bf\'eb\'b1\'c7\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'b6\'c7\'d7\'c0\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'d8\'bc\'f6\'c7\'cf\'b4\'c2\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'e6\'bf\'ec\lang1033  \lang1042\'be\'c6\'b7\'a1\'bf\'cd\lang1033  \lang1042\'b0\'b0\'c0\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'c7\'c7\'d1\'c0\'bb\lang1033  \lang1042\'c7\'e0\'bb\'e7\'c7\'d2\lang1033  \lang1042\'bc\'f6\lang1033  \lang1042\'c0\'d6\'bd\'c0\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9\lang1033 .\f3\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f2 1.\tab\lang1042\f9\'c3\'df\'b0\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b1\'b8\'bc\'ba\lang1033  \lang1042\'bf\'e4\'bc\'d2\'bf\'a1\lang1033  \lang1042\'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1\lang1033  \lang1042\'c1\'f6\'bf\'f8\lang1033  \lang1042\'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\lang1033 .\f0   \b0 Microsoft\lang1042\f8\'b4\'c2\cf1\lang1033\ul\b\f0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx" }}{\fldrslt{\b0 www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx}}}\cf0\ulnone\b\f8\fs20\'bf\'a1 \'b1\'e2\'bc\'fa\'b5\'c8 \'b4\'eb\'b7\'ce \'ba\'bb \'bc\'d2\'c7\'c1\'c6\'ae\'bf\'fe\'be\'ee\'bf\'a1 \'b4\'eb\'c7\'d1 \'c1\'f6\'bf\'f8 \'bc\'ad\'ba\'f1\'bd\'ba\'b8\'a6 \'c1\'a6\'b0\'f8\'c7\'d5\'b4\'cf\'b4\'d9.\f3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\fs19\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang1043\b0\v\f0 [END OF ALL LANGUAGES]\cf0\lang1033\v0\f3\fs24\par
}
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          